 Facebook Twitter Home Why Choose Us? FAQ's Get A Quote Directions Contact Us Dealer Directory  Thank you ! We have received your message. Name Phone Email Year Make Model Mileage  Car Prices Sell Your Car Helpful Links Quick Quotes Helpful Info Contact Us 1201 Montauk Highway Copiague, New York 11726 GET DIRECTIONS Schedule your FREE car cash appraisal for your used car or truck Toll Free: 1-800-592-1105 Licensed & Bonded In Accordance To New York State Regulations 1201 Montauk Highway Copiague, New York 11726 GET DIRECTIONS Sell Your Car Fast Why Choose Us? FAQ Search Things you need to bring with you: 1. The Title To Your Car. 2. Your Photo Identification. 3. All Keys &amp; Books to the Vehicle. 4. Any Service Records You May Have. Welcome to Quick Cash Auto&reg; Inc. We are the largest cash for car service on Long Island New York . Our service makes it fast and easy for you to get cash for your used car with minimal effort or hassle. We are a registered corporation in the State of New York as well as an accredited member of the Better Business Bureau of Long Island. We provide fast, professional quotes for used cars and trucks helping Long Island residents quickly sell their car. If you are in the market to get cash for your car fast, you are certainly in the right place. Call 1-800-592-1105 right now to speak with one of our used car buying specialists. Selling your car has never been easier. Located in central Long Island at 1201 Montauk Highway, Copiague N.Y., our professional vehicle appraisers will quote you a price on your vehicle and deliver cash, right now, for your car regardless of your vehicles year, make, model or body style. We buy most vehicles regardless of your financial situation including leased or financed cars with an active balance. Getting you out of your lease or financing obligation. Quick Cash Auto Inc. is experienced in negotiating your loan and/or pay-off regardless of the amount of money you may owe or how long is remaining on your lease. We are proficient in working with banks and other financial institutions to pay off your car or truck as well as facilitate all of the necessary paperwork required. Simply contact us at 1-800-592-1105 with your vehicle information and title and we take care of the rest as a service to you. Why thousands of New York sellers choose us. With over 25 years of experience in the automotive industry , our team are savvy professionals who know the ins and outs of the business. This allows us to get you top dollar for your car or truck period. You're vehicle does not have to be in mint or pristine condition. Our professional appraisers will evaluate your car, its mileage and condition, and offer you the best possible price. We will have you with a quote for your used car or truck within minuets, offering you the piece of mind and a cash figure you can count on. Looking for something new, why search when you can find? As the largest car buyer on Long Island, co-ownership of Long Island’s largest used car dealership Long Island Auto Find Inc., ( located right next door ) makes us the ideal choice for getting you out of your current vehicle and into a newer, certified pre-owned vehicle in just minutes.  Simply walk next door with cash in hand to select from hundreds of certified pre-owned vehicles ready to be delivered. Our staff and co-ownership bring over 25 years of experience in the automotive industry making the process as quick and easy for you as possible. From The Blog: New Car Sales In U.S. Miss Estimates by Analysts (NEW YORK) As the American economy continues to recover, automakers are still waiting for that massive pick up in new car sales. Auto industry analysts estimate that a little more than 15 million new cars will be sold in the United States in 2013, but even that figure doesn&#8217;t come close to the read more... Easy, Fast & Convenient For years, Quick Cash Auto Inc. has been helping Long Islanders sell their vehicles and get cash fast. Centrally located on Long Island, Quick Cash Auto Inc. helps sellers regardless of their vehicle type or model. Our company is actively purchasing cars every day, 7 days a week. Our considerable volume of vehicles is the 'how' and 'why' we simply pay more, than the competition. Seen our ads on TV? Heard us on radio? Found us 'on top' of the Internet? That's becuase we're the number one used car buyer on Long Island. Visit us for the genuine Quick Cash experience. Time and time again we are the single, reliable, cash for car buying service customers like you in the New York area depend on when they need: No double talk and cash now. EASY Selling your used car shouldn't be difficult. It’s worth money, that you know, but how much our team will help you ascertain. Listing your car or truck for sale on multiple classified sites takes time, it also costs money. You’re looking for cash now, not further expenses on a vehicle you're getting away from. Our service enables you to quickly walk away from your car or truck right now with a figure you’re comfortable with, and can count on, minus the hassle of being offered a lower price than you’re asking for by final negotiation. Remember, multiple buyers ( strangers ) will need to test drive your car, all whom you’ll need to meet, hope they actually have the cash to pay you, and make an offer. Quick Cash Auto Inc is simple becuase you visit us and get paid, on the spot, in full. FAST Our service is specifically designed to eliminate the hassle from the sale process . Selling a car privately can indeed take time, money and effort. To gain a good number of inquiries, and a good price, you’ll need to list your car in multiple places where buyers are searching. You’ll need to meet multiple parties to negotiate the sale and you’ll need to complete the necessary paperwork for the transfer. Quick Cash Auto is different. You bring your vehicle, we pay you cash, we take care of the filing forms and fees. That’s it. You leave with cash in hand or you're welcome to visit the showroom next door and pick out something new, it’s really that simple. If you are looking to not only sell your car, but replace it as well, it would be our pleasure to help you find the car you're looking for. We purchase a great number of vehicles on a daily bases and have all vehicles on premises. CONVENIENT It simply couldn’t be easier to sell your used car or truck than with us. Quick Cash Auto Inc. is a professional facility specifically designed and created to make the process of selling your car as fast and simple as possible. Our staff understands that you're looking to sell your vehicle quick and hassle free, and we’re here to help.  It takes less than five (5) minutes to determine the value of your car or truck. Our staff uses multiple industry pricing tools as well as our own expert vehicle evaluation process to assign a price to your car; our pay-out department then gets you paid. The entire process takes minutes which is why Long Island sellers choose us, time and time again. We offer you a price you can count on and you can recieve it right away. Our mission is to get you paid for your used car or truck quickly. That's why people choose Quick Cash Auto Inc. Simply put, if you’re in the market to sell your car, it doesn’t pay to sell it yourself. Quick Cash Auto Inc. makes selling your car fast, simple and worth-while. Don’t get caught up in the used car classifieds hassle; simply call us at 1-800-592-1105 and get out of your vehicle today. We would be happy to quote your vehicle as best as possible over the phone, but please note that the most accurate quote will be at our location. Please bring your title if you would like to finalize the sale. Selling Your Car: Be Careful When Selling a Vehicle to a Family Member I recently sold my 2003 Isuzu Axiom to my younger brother; big mistake. I&#8217;m writing this as a warning to anyone who is considering selling their vehicle to a family member. Now, this isn&#8217;t to say that selling your vehicle to a family member is always a bad idea, but in my case, it caused read more... How does Quick Cash Auto pay more? Most car buyers will purchase your vehicle to then quickly sell it at auction. This means the price they’ll be shooting for to resell it will be considerably less than market price. This wrecks of disaster for you, the seller, as the price those dealers will be looking to pay must be low to yield a profit. Quick Cash Auto can sell your vehicle at retail, which means we can pay you must closer to market price. How are leased or financed vehicles handled? When a vehicle is leased or financed it doesn’t mean it can’t be sold. It means only that the vehicle balance must be paid to release the title. Depending on how much you, Quick Cash Auto can negotiate a pay-off amount for early termination of the loan and get you out of that agreement with any balance from the sale of your vehicle paid to you. We do the work of handling the negotiation and payment of the amount owed to the bank to release the title. Will I lose money if I do not sell privately? This depends greatly on how you look at it. Generally it will take you time and money to list and successfully sell your car to a private buyer. It takes time to meet the buyer and weed out those who will either not show up, or are just window shopping (looking around). When you do find a qualified buyer who has the cash, most times the time it took and the negotiated price will be close to what it would have been to simply sell it fast with us. Remember, many used car shoppers wind up at a dealership after they have shopped around. An Internet site has appraised my car higher? The Internet is a great place to find deals on cars but don’t believe everything you read when it comes to selling. Few will pay the Kelly Blue Book price or some similar price from an online car valuation service. Even private sellers will rarely pay a price equal to what you may find online for a used private party sale. These tools are based on computerized valuations and not actual sales. Although you can use these tools for a basic idea of a vehicles value, you should expect 10% to 20% less than published prices. These web sites will not write a check nor will they offer any guarantee towards these quotes. What is the most accurate guide to price a used car? Galves Auto Price List is the most accurate and timely guide to car values on the web. At Quick Cash Auto, we use Galves because it offers the most up-to-date vehicle prices on the market. Galves publishes values weekly and they are focused solely on car and small truck values. Galves is used by most dealers throughout the United States. If you intend to sell your vehicle, it is important to obtain the most precise value, and Galves is much more accurate. Car Reviews: Celebrities Drive Cars and Car Sales at the Same Time Automobile industry sales figures will show that celebrity status is powerful. In fact, this is true for countless markets. Motor vehicle sales are driven by being associated with celebrities just as much as the sales of any other product are. That explains the obsession that marketing executives ha read more... Find us on Google+ JW Player We Specialize in purchasing financed &amp; leased vehicles. Quick Cash Auto will also take care of paying off your car. STOP wasting time and money placing ads for your car. Come to Quick Cash Auto and eliminate the hassle of selling your own car. Our streamlined buying process allows us to buy your car in as little as 8 minutes! Call us today, bring your vehicle in and walk out with money in your hand. It doesn't get any easier. Quick Cash Auto beats the trade-in price at other dealerships because we have customers looking for all types of used cars. Copyright &copy; 2012 Quick Cash Auto &reg; Inc. Development &amp; Maintenance by Searchen Networks &reg; Inc. 1201 Montauk Highway Copiague, New York 11726 - Local Phone: (631) 592-9012 Toll Free: 1 (800) 592-1105 New York State Department of Motor Vehicle Facility Number: #7102059. Facility Type: Retail Motor Vehicle Dealer, Other. Home | Why Us | FAQ's | Get Quotes | Car Facts | Help | Dealers | Blog | Directions | Contact Us | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap Do You Need Cash Now? ><a href="http: /www.quickcashauto.com/Contact-Quick-Cash-Auto.html">We Can Help You &raquo;  