 Celebrity News and Gossip Fashion and Style Newest Celebrity Photos Celebrity Photo Galleries Follow us on Twitter! ExpoSay on Facebook! RSS Feed  CELEBRITY NEWS &amp; GOSSIP August 27, 2013 Demi Lovato to play Naya Rivera's Glee lover Demi Lovato is to play Naya Rivera's on-screen love interest in 'Glee'. The 21-year-old singer-and-actress is to star in one of the first two Beatles-themed episodes of the forthcoming fifth season, and Naya - who plays Santana Lopez - can't wait to bring the 'Heart Attack' hitmaker to ''the dark side'' by getting close to her on the musical comedy-drama series. read article - Demi Lovato Photos Alec Baldwin allegedly attacks photographer Alec Baldwin allegedly attacked a photographer today (27.08.13). The 55-year-old actor reportedly grabbed and pushed a paparazzo in front of several witnesses while he was out and about in New York City with wife Hilaria - who gave birth to their first child together, Carmen Gabriela, on Friday (23.08.13) - and she is said to have escaped into a tea shop while the fracas was going on. read article - Alec Baldwin Photos Gwyneth Paltrow to team up with Stella McCartney Gwyneth Paltrow is to collaborate with Stella McCartney. The Hollywood actress looks set to team up with her fashion designer friend for a new project to do with the blonde beauty's Goop company - for which she writes a weekly publication about travel, fashion, food and healthy living - following a mysterious post on her website and Stella's Facebook profile. read article - Gwyneth Paltrow Photos Adam Lambert defends Miley's VMA routine Adam Lambert has defended Miley Cyrus' controversial MTV Video Music Awards performance. The former 'American Idol' runner-up slammed the 20-year-old star's critics after she was slated for her saucy on-stage antics with Robin Thicke during a performance of his 'Blurred Lines' hit on Sunday (25.08.13), in which she gyrated around the married father-of-one while wearing a nude-coloured bikini. read article - Miley Cyrus Photos Cyndi Lauper brands Miley Cyrus' MTV performance 'sad' Cyndi Lauper feels ''sad'' for Miley Cyrus following her controversial performance at the MTV Video Music Awards. The legendary Grammy Award-winning singer has expressed concern for the 'We Can't Stop' star after her salacious on-stage antics with 'Blurred Lines' hitmaker Robin Thicke at the ceremony on Sunday (25.08.13), likening the routine to a 'Girls Gone Wild' softcore porn video and branding it ''raunch'' not art. read article - Cyndi Lauper Photos Ricky Martin confesses to bullying gay men Ricky Martin used to bully gay men when he was younger. The 41-year-old singer - who announced he was homosexual in 2010 after struggling for years to accept his sexuality - admits he was homophobic in his teen years and early 20s because he didn't want to accept that he was attracted to men as it went against his religious beliefs as a Roman Catholic. read article - Ricky Martin Photos &#171; Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 5235 Next Page&#187; NEWEST CELEBRITY PHOTOS 15th Annual Young Hollywood Awards - Arrivals Radio 104.5's Summer Block Party at The Piazza at Schmidt's in Philadelphia - August 03, 2013 Sam Sarpong Sighted at Millions of Milkshakes in West Hollywood on August 7, 2013  TOP STORIES FROM TODAY Demi Lovato to play Naya Rivera's Glee lover Alec Baldwin allegedly attacks photographer Gwyneth Paltrow to team up with Stella McCartney Adam Lambert defends Miley's VMA routine Cyndi Lauper brands Miley Cyrus' MTV performance 'sad' Ricky Martin confesses to bullying gay men Cheryl Cole's tattoo 'hides' her beautiful bum Miley Cyrus' pal blasts Kelly Clarkson over 'pitchy stripper' jibe Patrick Dempsey's wife urged him to race Nicole Scherzinger: I tried to hide my booty 'No hard feelings' between Max George and Lucy Mecklenburgh Drake sued by former stylist In partnership with Starpulse.com&copy; Copyright 2012 - All rights reserved. Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Advertising 