 govGURU.com. Government made simple Our Company | Advertise With Us  Auto Buying and Selling Home Driving and Transportation Sponsored Listings SAM&#39;S CLUB Auto Buying SAM&#39;S CLUB Members Receive Low, No-Hassle Prices on Cars and Trucks www.SAMSCLUBAuto.com Auto Buying August Special. Cars Selling for Less Than Used. Select Your Model! www.buyingadvice.com Sell Your Car Fast We Buy Cars Vans &amp; Trucks Free Quick Quote Today www-CarBuyers.com New Auto Prices Don&#39;t pay MSRP. Find our Lowest Possible Price on a New Car Today! New.CarPriceSecrets.com In this section Bill of Sale Car Dealers Fuel Economy Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Leasing a Car Overview Besides your home, the purchase of a vehicle is likely the biggest (and most important) purchase you will make. Most drivers will buy and sell a number of cars during their driving years. So, it is important to become both a wise consumer and seller. Most states have requirements for both auto sellers and buyers; if the proper paperwork is not filed with the state there can be repercussions ranging from time-consuming extra procedures to financial responsibility and liability issues. When you decide to purchase a vehicle you&#39;ll need to do your due diligence. To get started, you&#39;ll want to take these steps: Research: Whether online or at the library, you&#39;ll want to read all you can about the model and make of the car you are interested in. Good sources of information are the consumer reports, the safety testing results and the reviews of the vehicles by experts in the automotive publishing industry. Decide if you are in the market for a new or used vehicle. A new vehicle will cost more but it does afford the latest in safety features and gas mileage and any cost of repair should be covered under warranty. On the other side, a used car can be easier on the wallet, may still have many serviceable miles yet to go and will likely be more economical to insure. Once you have done your homework you&#39;ll be checking out a lot of cars. Once you have narrowed your search, be sure to call your insurance carrier to see how much the coverage you need will add to the bottom line. When buying a used car always take the following steps for your protection: Order a Vehicle History Report: This should tell you if the odometer has been rolled back; if the car has reported damage from a flood or accident; and, if the auto has been used as a work vehicle, such as a taxi or police car. Have it inspected by your mechanic: If your trusted mechanic says it checks out fine, you&#39;re less likely to run into mechanical issues right away. Ask the seller to show you the current title and registration. Not having those documents may complicate your ability to transfer ownership into your name. If you live in a state where the license plates stay with the owner and not the vehicle, understand how you go about getting temporary tags. If you decide to sell your vehicle, it&#39;s just common sense to advertise it widely and do the maintenance and cleanup that will show it off to its best advantage. But beyond that, there are some additional things to take care to make the sale go through as smoothly as possible: Find your title and registration. If you cannot find those documents, apply for duplicates at the DMV. Consider buying a Vehicle History Report. Having one on hand to show potential buyers will assure them of the condition of the car and give them confidence in dealing with you. Know what paperwork you need to supply to the new owner; some states require those documents to be notarized. Not all states require a Bill of Sale any longer; if you do need one, order the form through your state DMV or through a third-party provider. If you buy a new car, the dealership will file the necessary paperwork to get your car titled and registered. If you buy a used car, you will need to process the paperwork yourself. Regulations, forms and amount of fees vary by state, so find out the proper steps in your state. The states will also have varying procedures when it comes to &#8220;unusual&#8221; transfer situations such as gifting a car, donating a car, transfer upon death or changing the names on the title; you&#39;ll need to check with your state DMV for the particulars. Lastly, if you are purchasing a car and it does develop chronic mechanical problems, you may have recourse. All states offer a degree of protection to consumers of new cars under the individual states&#39; Lemon Laws; some states take that a step further and offer a version of the Lemon Law to cover used vehicles as well. Check with your home state for the criteria you must meet to qualify for coverage by the Lemon Law. Auto Buying And Selling Information From the Government www.dot.wisconsin.gov We would like to show you a description here but the site won&#8217;t allow us. www.dot.wisconsin.gov Buying or Selling a Vehicle Changing Vehicle Ownership Buying and Selling; Plates; Placards and Decals; Boats; Fees; Registration Forms; More Registration Information . ... Car Buyer&apos;s Bill of Rights; Buying an Out-of ... www.dmv.ca.gov Utah Division of Motor Vehicles - Buying and Selling Vehicles Buying and Selling Vehicles Details Last Updated on October 18, 2012 Please ... such as auto theft, chop shops, odometer fraud and salvage vehicle fraud. dmv.utah.gov TxDMV - Buying or Selling a Vehicle Buying or Selling a Vehicle. Title Check - Look before you buy; ... A Consumers Guide to Car Buying. How to Spot a Flood-Damaged Vehicle. Title Check Look Before You Buy. txdmv.gov Dealer&apos;s Guide to the Used Car Rule | BCP Business Center Most car dealers who sell used vehicles must ... to ask to have the car inspected by an independent mechanic before they buy. If you conduct a used car ... business.ftc.gov Auto Buying And Selling - General Administrative Services autoauctions - GSA Home Public auctions held nationwide !!! Approximately 40 locations ; Internet Sales at many locations; No registration or buyer&apos;s fees; Thousands buy from GSA Fleet every ... autoauctions - GSA Home What are my advantages in buying a pre-owned GSAFleet vehicle? How do I register for an auction? Who ... How many vehicles does GSA Fleet sell, and when? Get To Know How Auto Auctions Work Get To Know How Auto Auctions Work ... Those sites can give you a good idea of what similar vehicles are selling for ... realize that you are buying in a ... autoauctions - GSA Home Really Simple Syndication: Find Vehicle. Selection Criteria &#171; &#187; Auto Buying And Selling - About.com eBay Motors - Buying and Selling on eBay Motors - eBay eBay Motors&apos; My Garage feature makes it easy to buy and sell car parts on eBay while ensuring compatibility, a good thing for buyers and sellers alike. Craig Jackson on Buying and Selling Collector Cars Craig Jackson on Buying and Selling Collector Cars Most Common Mistakes. From Tony and Michele Hamer, ... Buy a car that&apos;s mechanically sound and in good shape ... Preparing for an eBay Motors Vehicle Sale - Buying and ... So you&apos;ve decided to sell your car on eBay but need a little bit of help to get started. The first article in this series on eBay Motors vehicle sales helps you to ... Craig Jackson on Buying and Selling Collector Cars Craig Jackson on Buying and Selling Collector Cars Benefits and Risks for First Time Buyers. From Tony and Michele Hamer, former About.com Guide Selling a Used Car - Buying a Used Car - Used Car Inspections Whether it&#8217;s your first time buying or selling a used car (or your 50th) take a moment to brush up on where to start when selling a used car and buying a used car. Sponsored Listings Busca Autos en Espa&#241;ol Encuentra Autos en tu Ciudad. Informaci&#243;n En Espa&#241;ol. &#161;Entra Ya! AutoTrader.com Yahoo! Autos Car Listings, Local Dealers &amp; More. Everything You Need on Y! Autos. autos.yahoo.com Great Auto Buying Results Looking for Deals on Auto Buying? Find Auto Buying Results &amp; Compare. autobuying.buyerpricer.com Buying And Selling Practice Trading Online.Free Demo. Advanced Charting, Real Time Data www.insideforex.net Auto Buying And Selling - Helium.com Buying &amp; Selling Cars - Helium - Helium - Where Knowledge Rules Buying &amp; Selling Cars Buying cars online: Save time and money. by Dick Stewart. The first thing you need to know about online car buying is that almost any web site ... Best ways to sell used cars - by Author Name Withheld 123 ... Auto trader is quite cheap to use and is the most common way for people to buy and sell cars today. ... when selling a car never do it somewhere to their advantage, ... Knowing when is a good time to sell your car - Buying ... Auto Repair ; Buying &amp; Selling Cars; Car Reviews; Cars; Driving &amp; Safety; Fuel Economy; Hybrids; Motorcycles &amp; Scooters; SUVs; Trucks; ... When should you sell your car? Difference between buying and leasing a new car - Buying ... Buying &amp; Selling Cars; Car Reviews; Cars; Driving &amp; Safety; Fuel Economy; ... One question many people ask when they are thinking about a new car is: &#8220;Should I buy ... How to choose between buying or leasing a new car - Buying ... Buying &amp; Selling Cars; Car Reviews; Cars; Driving &amp; Safety; Fuel Economy; ... There are two options for driving off the lot of a car dealership in a brand new car ... Auto Buying And Selling - DMVAnswers.com Buying and Selling - DMV Answers Whether buying or selling a new or used car, find out all you need to know to make the best auto deal. Buying and Selling Categories. Buying a New or Used Car (27) Buying a New or Used Car - DMV Answers Buying a New or Used Car - DMV Answers Guides for Driving, Registration, and Insurance Requirements in Every State Auto Sales Forms - DMV Answers Auto Sales Forms - DMV Answers Guides for Driving, Registration, and Insurance Requirements in Every State How many vehicles can I sell a year before I have to get an ... Whether buying or selling a new or used car, find out all you need to know to make the best auto deal. Buying a New or Used Car; Auto Sales Forms; Car Donation and Gifts; Auto Salesperson License - DMV Answers Auto Salesperson License - DMV Answers Guides for Driving, Registration, and Insurance Requirements in Every State Share Driving and Transportation Drivers License and ID Driver Instruction and Education Vehicle Registration and Titling Safe Driving and Car Maintenance Auto Buying and Selling Bill of Sale Car Dealers New Car Dealers Used Car Dealers Classic Car Dealers Manufacturer Car Dealers Fuel Economy Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Leasing a Car Driving Records Traffic Tickets and Violations Car and Vehicle Insurance Public Transportation Consumer Guides Family, Home, and Community History, Arts, and Culture International Affairs Science and Technology Voting and Elections Benefits, Grants and Loans Business and Jobs Defense and Military Driving and Transportation Education Energy, Environment, and Agriculture Health And Nutrition Money and Taxes Public Safety and Law Travel and Recreation Popular Topics Related search terms from GovGuru. &esrc;=s &source;=web 311 operator jobs nyc Gov Info Index alameda county social security office brevard county social security office broward county social security office car registration clayton county social security office driving laws durham county jury duty economy gov jobs governor grants health coverage insurance join form join_form login form login_form montgomery county texas jury duty physical therapist social security office broward county state gov taxes texas state personnel board ventura county social security office voting Facebook Activity Recent activity from GovGuru users on Facebook. Consumer Guides Family, Home, and Community History, Arts, and Culture International Affairs Science and Technology Voting and Elections Benefits, Grants and Loans Business and Jobs Defense and Military Driving and Transportation Education Energy, Environment, and Agriculture Health And Nutrition Money and Taxes Public Safety and Law Travel and Recreation &copy; 2013 OnlineGURU Inc. All Rights Reserved. OnlineGURU Inc. About Us Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement  