  
 
 
 
 Skip to main content 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A&amp;E News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video 
 
 
 
 
    🔎 👤   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts &amp; Entertainment in Chicago 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 &#039;A Single Shot&#039; aims for too many targets 
 
 
    A Single Shot begins in the predawn hours of Appalachia as John Moon (Sam Rockwell), a hunter by necessity, emerges from his backwoods trailer in search of breakfast. Worried he is going to lose the deer he is tracking, John...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Camera Fiercely funny ladies of comedy 
 
 
    We are amidst a golden age of comedy and women are at the forefront of the movement.&nbsp; These funny ladies are breaking down walls both on screen and off with their talent and tenacity.&nbsp; Check out our list...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Khloe Kardashian still loves Lamar Odom despite drug addiction 
 
 
    It has been a troubling summer for Khloe Kardashian and her husband, Lamar Odom. The two haven&rsquo;t been seen out publicly since early June, and Odom even missed Kylie Jenner&rsquo;s sweet 16 birthday party just a...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Camera Zedd is returning to Chicago for New Year&#039;s Eve (Video) 
 
 
    Zedd officially announced on Facebook today that he will be returning to Chicago for two performances on Dec. 30 and Dec. 31, which are both being brought to you by local promoter React Presents. This is sure to be the...   
 Continue   
 
 
 
 
 The Moose are here to stay.  
 
 
    Each and every day, young aspiring musicians put up online ads hoping to find a musical connection with someone with the same tastes as they have. This may work for some but what a lot of the bands that form...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Eminem reveals details for his next album &#039;Marshall Mathers LP 2&#039; 
 
 
    After months of speculation and finally hearing a new song, the rapper has released information about his upcoming album. His eighth studio album entitled &quot;Marshall Mathers LP 2&quot; is scheduled for a November 5th release. The rapper will...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Nikmoody&#039;s new album touches the heart 
 
 
    nikmoody, a 23-year-old rapper from Brooklyn, formerly performed with rap duo One Way. His solo album, &quot;Farwellcome Vol. 1,&quot; which took a solid year of crafting, finds him collaborating with contemporary talent and baring his soul...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 ‘Loukoumi’s Celebrity Cookbook’ by Nick Katsoris is about never giving up 
 
 
    When Chef Cat Cora comes to teach a sweet lamb named Loukoumi and his friends how to cook there are several messes in the kitchen, however, it&rsquo;s always delicious especially if you cook from the heart.Loukomi, which...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Eric Burdon and Joan Jett Spearhead Chicagoland Fest 
 
 
    For under twenty bucks, concert goers with lawn seating and acceptable sight lines on a gorgeous summer night got to see two legendary acts Saturday at Festival Park, Elgin, Ill. Folks with higher-priced tickets seemed just as worked up...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Taylor Swift curses Harry Styles at the VMAs  
 
 
    The VMAs were a huge television event for music lovers. They were held in Brooklyn, and anyone that is known in the music business attended. Taylor Swift arrived and sat with her best friend Selena Gomez. Swift is widely known...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 Video Daft Punk make appearance at VMAs 
 
 
    Just as Stephen Colbert revealed earlier this month, Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo of Daft Punk did make a &ldquo;surprise&rdquo; appearance at the MTV Video Music Awards on Aug. 25, 2013.&nbsp; The robots gave...   
 Continue   
 
 
   
 
 &#039;The Butler&#039; cleans up again 
 
 
    A slow weekend and weak newcomers meant a repeat winner at the box office for &quot;Lee Daniels&#39; The Butler.&quot; No matter the figures, the film is a winner on that level and also the timing of its...   
 Continue   
 
 Pages 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 … 
 next 
 last 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A&amp;E News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video 
 
 
 
 
    🔎 👤   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Linkedin 
 Googleplus 
 Pinterest 
   
 
 
 
      Company Links     
 
 About us 
 OnTopic custom content 
 Advertise with us 
 Career opportunities 
 Examiner.com blog 
 Today in Photos 
 Sitemap 
   
 
 Arts & Entertainment | &copy; 2006-2013 Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a  Examiner.com   &#124;  Privacy Policy  &#124;  Terms of Use  &#124;  About us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Interviews Celebrity Style Hot Bodies Movies Summer Movies Comedy Horror Drama TV Reality TV Big Brother True Blood America&#039;s Got Talent More topics Music YA Fiction Cultural Arts Animation Performing Arts Arts and Exhibits Books More topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Food and Recipes Food Recipes Drinks Restaurants Spa and Beauty Makeup Skin Care Spas Hair and Nails Travel Budget Travel Local Getaways Airlines Travel Deals More topics Autos and Motorcycles Bars and Clubs DIY Mechanic Home Improvement Hobbies More topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Home and Living Weddings Gardening Home Improvement Decorating Pets Dogs Cats Other Pets Pet News Family and Parenting Parenting Issues Single Parenting Child Safety Toys Games and Gear More topics Fashion Health and Fitness Education Religion and Spirituality Weight Loss and Dieting Relationships Green Living Nutrition Neighborhoods More topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Politics Political Buzz Democrat Republican Political Issues News Top News Strange News Crime and Courts Extreme Weather Business and Finance Personal Finance Small Business Industry Marketing and PR More topics Science and Space Stock Market Immigration Policy and Issues Gun Control Environment Weather and Climate Independent Nonpartisan More topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Recreation Fight Sports Action Sports Endurance Sports Recreational Sports Outdoor Rec and Adventure Hunting and Fishing Hiking Camping Water Sports More topics College Sports General Sports Running Soccer Fantasy Sports MiLB Fight Sports Motorsports More topics 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Games Consoles Xbox One Playstation 4 PC Games Gadgets and Tech Tech Gear Tablets iPhone Google Glass Internet Social Media Tech Research Facebook Anonymous More topics Card Games Handheld Games MMOGs Other Games Photography More topics 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Us Twitter 
 Facebook 
 GooglePlus 
   
 
 
 
      User login     
 
 
 
 
 
 do not change 
 
 
 Contact Email  
 
 
 
 Contact Email2  
 
 
 
 Contact Url  
 
 
 
   Subscribe to Blog  
 
 
   Remember my Info  
 
 
 
 Log in
 
 
 Sign in with your email and password. Or  reset your password .
 
 
 Email  * 
 
 
 
 Password  * 
 
 
 
 Write for us
 
 
 Interested in becoming an Examiner and sharing your experience and passion? We're always looking for quality writers. Find out more about Examiner.com and apply today!
 
 
 Learn more 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
