 [if lt IE 7]> <p class="chromeframe">You are using an outdated browser. <a href="http://browsehappy.com/">Upgrade your browser today</a> or <a href="http://www.google.com/chromeframe/?redirect=true">install Google Chrome Frame</a> to better experience this site.</p> <![endif] Celebrity & News ShopStyle Fashion Beauty Fitness Entertainment Love & Sex Food Living Moms Social Video Must Have Latest Celebrities News Celeb Life Bikini Celebrity Video Royal Baby Vote on the Shirtless Bracket Top Celebrity & News Stories Selena Gomez Goes on a Different Kind of Getaway Kristen Stewart Shows Off a New Tattoo on Set in Berlin Sandra Bullock and George Clooney Cruise Into Venice Serious in St.-Tropez: See Simon Cowell and Lauren Silverman's PDA-Filled Getaway Women Bags Shoes Beauty Jewelry Men Kids Home Designers Sale Featured ShopStyle Shops The It List The Best Designer Bags Shop Savor Summer Under $150: Labor Day Dresses Shop Instant Edge Race Into Moto Pants Shop Game, Set, Win US Open-Inspired Style Shop Latest Style & Trends Fashion News Shop Street Style Celebrity Fashion Fashion Video Summer Style Top Fashion Stories Model Ink! The 6 Coolest Tattoos on the Runway Oscar de la Renta to Cut Guest List of New York Fashion Week Show Over 80 Stars Get Fresh (and Chic!) With Summer's Little White Dress Style Set: The Week's Best Dressed Latest Makeup Hair Celeb Beauty Beauty Video Skin Care Summer Beauty POPSUGAR Select Top Beauty Stories The 10 Best Brunettes in Hollywood Right Now The Coolest Way to Make Your Makeup Last! The Hottest-Ever Beauty Looks From the Marc Jacobs Runways See All the Gorgeous (and Outrageous) Beauty Looks From the VMAs Latest Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Celebrity Fitness Fitness Video Summer Top Fitness Stories Vegan Ice Cream?! It's Surprisingly Easy and Delicious Don't Let the Box Jump Scare You! How to Work Your Way Up Come Sail Away! 25-Calorie, Low-Carb Zucchini Boats No More Blisters! 8 Dos and Don'ts to Avoid Foot Pain Latest What to TiVo TV Movies Music Entertainment Video Comic-Con Top Entertainment Stories Dallas Buyers Club Trailer: Watch Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto Give It Their All Watch Brand-New Teasers For American Horror Story: Coven See Matthew McConaughey's Transformation For Dallas Buyers Club Pretty Little Liars: 13 Insane Moments From This Season Latest Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Summer Wedding Top Love & Sex Stories 6 Reasons a Condom Might Break 50 Bridal Shower Theme Ideas Tips For Transitioning From an LDR to Living in the Same Place What Was the Sexiest Moment at the VMAs Last Night? Latest Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Food Video Wedding Summer POPSUGAR Select Top Food Stories Conquer Your Fear of Deep-Frying Beyond Balsamic: A Basic Guide to Vinegar Build Your Own French Pantry Rudimentary Recipes Every Home Cook Should Know Latest Design Homes Marketplace Tastemakers Style Guide Summer Decor Wedding Top Home Stories Exclusive! First Look at the New Nate Berkus Collection At Target Get Nicole Richie's Backyard Entertaining Style 6 Secrets For Setting the Perfect Table Get Upgraded to First Class With These Stylish Travel Essentials Latest Tech News Digital Culture Tech Style Gadgets Geek Tips Back to School Top Tech Stories Google's Chromecast Streaming Stick Is Now Ready For iOS "I'd Tap That" and More Funny — But Creepy — #NSAPickupLines Back in Black: Watch the Dramatic Tease of Apple's New Mac Pro Whether It's Bass or Budget, the Best Headphones For Every Listener Latest Money Career Productivity Travel Work-Life Balance Back to School Top Smart Living Stories 19 Cool Uses For Coconut Oil No IKEA Needed: Creative Apartment Shopping on the Cheap This Is How to Go to College For Free The $0 Bedroom Makeover — No Joke! Latest Dogs Cats Cute Animals Pet Advice Celebrity Pets Top Pet Stories 5 Lessons Your Dog Will Never Let You Forget Cuddle Up With These Sleepy Kitties Smart Dogs Wearing Glasses Good Licks: Pets Enjoying Summer Ice Cream Treats Latest Home Tech Smart Living Pets Wedding Top Living Stories Exclusive! First Look at the New Nate Berkus Collection At Target Get Nicole Richie's Backyard Entertaining Style Google's Chromecast Streaming Stick Is Now Ready For iOS 6 Secrets For Setting the Perfect Table Latest Parenting Pregnancy Food and Fun Kid Shopping Family Life Celebrity Moms Back to School Communities Blogger Top Mom Stories La Dolce Vita! Twin Boys' Italian Birthday Celebration 8 Cozy Maternity Sweaters to Wrap Up Fall Baby Bumps The Ups and Downs of Being a Back-to-School Mom 10 Sweet Apple and Honey Ideas For Rosh Hashanah Latest Categories Popular Profiles Layouts Top Social Lists 154 Items watches Shop 151 Items Back to School For Her Shop 104 Items shoes to send from usa Shop 194 Items Esprit Denim Shop Latest Entertainment Fashion Beauty Food Fitness LIVE! Girls' Guide Circle of Moms Partners Top Videos 5 Moves to Tone Your Inner Thighs Make a Ramen Burger at Home! Lea Michele Cries While Remembering Cory Monteith's "Handsome Smile" Video: Fifty Shades of Grey Movie Is One Year Away — Here's What You Need to Know! How It Works Meet Lisa Featured Products FAQ $35 per month ">Subscribe For $35 per month Latest Must Have Reveals August Must Have Box - Revealed! July Must Have Box — Revealed! June POPSUGAR Must Have Box - Revealed! Celebrity & News All United States United Kingdom Australia Canada France Germany Japan  Celebrities News Celeb Life Celebrity Couples      Celebrity Weddings      Celebrity Babies      Celebrity Birthdays      Celebrity Engagements      Celebrity PDA      Celebrity Pregnancies      Bikini Celebrity Video I'm a Huge Fan      POPSUGAR News      POPSUGAR Specials      The Buzz      Video Movie Reviews      Celebrity Interviews      Royal Baby Vote on the Shirtless Bracket  Gossip Girl   Paula's TV Talks, Channing's Stripper Past, and Bar's Secret Bikini Shoot    Say Farewell to Gossip Girl With a Look Back at the Cast's Cutest Snaps!   Video: The 3 Biggest Surprises From Gossip Girl's Season Premiere    See More Pictures From Gossip Girl's Final Season    Video: The Top Gossip Girl Hookups That Made Us Say "OMG"!    Gossip Girl Returns Tonight! Shop the Latest Looks From Season 5    I'm a Huge Fan: Kristen Bell — Kristen on Dax's Driving, Sloths, and the...    That's a Wrap! Shop Exact Pieces From Gossip Girl's Sixth and Final Season    Rob & Kristen's Night Out, Brad & Angie's Ice Cream Outing With the Twins, &...    Pass or Fail: 10 Shows That Went From High School to College    Video: XOXO Lonely Boy?! Plus Kristen Bell and More Gossip Girl Finale...    Serena van der Woodsen's Best Looks This Season    See Every Gossip Girl Wedding!    All the Latest (and Most Stylish) Spring TV Moments From Hart of Dixie,...    Gossip Girl Is Over — See Every Stylish Moment Here    See Serena and Dan's Gossip Girl Wedding Album!    Serena's Suitors: Her Many Men on Gossip Girl    Spotted: Blair Waldorf Is a Blushing Bride — Take Two — in Elie Saab    Love It or Hate It? Serena van der Woodsen's Butterfly Wall Décor   Channing Tatum's Stripper Past, Paula and Simon's New Deals, A Peek at...    Hot Pics of CW Bad Boys From Gossip Girl, Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries,...    The Many Headbands of Blair Waldorf    8 of Leighton Meester's Prettiest Looks    Blake Lively and Leighton Meester Return to NYC For Gossip Girl    Latest News  Popular  TV Apr 09, 2013 See Every Gossip Girl Wedding!  Gossip Girl wrapped up just a few months ago, and despite the constant romantic drama on the show, many couples managed to make it down the aisle.  by Shannon Vestal Gossip Girl wrapped up just a few months ago, and despite the constant romantic drama on the show, many couples managed to make it down the aisle. We were even treated to two huge nuptials in the series finale, so with wedding season on the brain, we thought we'd take a stroll through Gossip Girl 's past and recount all the weddings on the series (whether the marriages lasted is another story). Revisit each wedding now and see what all the guests are wearing, who their dates are, and how beautiful each bride is.  View 71 Photos Fifty Shades of Grey Feb 07, 2013 Video: Kristen Stewart's Next Role, Chace as Christian Grey, & More!  Find out which Gossip Girl star is eyeing the Christian Grey role in Fifty Shades of Grey and why Marc Jacobs is taking his shirt off for Diet Coke — plus the details about Kristen Stewart's quirky new movie!  by Becca Frucht Find out which Gossip Girl star is eyeing the Christian Grey role in Fifty Shades of Grey and why Marc Jacobs is taking his shirt off for Diet Coke — plus the details about Kristen Stewart 's quirky new movie!  TV Dec 20, 2012 He's Chuck Bass: See His Sexiest Smolders  One of the saddest things about Gossip Girl ending this week is that we will no longer get to see Chuck Bass try out any new smolders.  by Shannon Vestal One of the saddest things about Gossip Girl ending this week is that we will no longer get to see Chuck Bass try out any new smolders. Gossip Girl 's reformed bad boy has spent the last several seasons working on his expressions, whether it's a brow furrow, a scowl, or a sultry smirk. To say goodbye to the series — and the well-dressed bad boy who became a good man — here are the 50 best "I'm Chuck Bass" smolders.  View 55 Photos POPSUGAR Entertainment Dec 20, 2012 Video: Blake Lively's Wedding Pics and Holiday Plans Revealed!  We finally get to see the wedding spread of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds's big day in the new issue of Martha Stewart Weddings.  by Matthew Rodrigues We finally get to see the wedding spread of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds 's big day in the new issue of Martha Stewart Weddings . Blake also shared her holiday family traditions, and this time around, they include her new husband. Check it all out in this PopSugar Rush .  Wedding Dec 19, 2012 See Chuck and Blair's Gossip Girl Wedding Album!  The Gossip Girl series finale aired this week, brimming with surprises and fun for its fans.  by Becky Kirsch The Gossip Girl series finale aired this week, brimming with surprises and fun for its fans. Not least of which is the wedding of the show's core couple, Chuck and Blair. It isn't Blair's first trip down the aisle (remember her big, fancy fairy-tale wedding ?), but it's far sweeter and more meaningful than her big day with the prince. Check out all of the pictures of their ceremony, which takes place right on the steps of the Met!  View 14 Photos Gossip Girl Dec 18, 2012 Video: XOXO Lonely Boy?! Plus Kristen Bell and More Gossip Girl Finale Surprises!  After six seasons of stylish misadventures, the one secret Gossip Girl promised never to tell was finally revealed in last night's series finale!  by Becca Frucht After six seasons of stylish misadventures, the one secret Gossip Girl promised never to tell was finally revealed in last night's series finale! We talk about the momentous reveal of Manhattan's most notorious undercover blogger, plus the final episode's surprising cameos, sweetest moments, and shocking scenes. We say our final XOXO to the scandalous CW series in this PopSugar Rush .  Wedding Dec 18, 2012 See Serena and Dan's Gossip Girl Wedding Album!  Gossip Girl came to an end with its final episode this week, bringing a handful of milestones with it.  by Becky Kirsch Gossip Girl came to an end with its final episode this week, bringing a handful of milestones with it. Blair and Chuck had a beautiful but quick wedding , but the real surprise was when we jumped to the future — where Dan and Serena had some nuptials of their own! See all the pictures of Serena's gold gown, the partygoers (including a pint-size Bass), and S and Lonely Boy on their big day.  View 7 Photos TV Dec 18, 2012 Top OMG Moments From Gossip Girl Series Finale "New York, I Love You XOXO"  Well, it's finally here.  by Shannon Vestal Well, it's finally here. We've reached the end of Gossip Girl , and after this week's series finale, Gossip Girl can never say that her identity is the one secret she'll never tell. We find out exactly who's been giving us all the dirty details on the scandalous lives of Manhattan's elite, and speaking of those scandalous lives, Chuck and Blair finally tie the knot amid suspicions he murdered his own father. But I can't wait to get to all the OMG moments of the finale, including the ultimate one, so let's do this!  View 7 Photos TV Dec 17, 2012 See the Pictures From the Gossip Girl Series Finale!  Gossip Girl will say goodbye to the Upper East Side and the small screen tonight, and we have all the pictures from the upcoming finale here.  by Shannon Vestal Gossip Girl will say goodbye to the Upper East Side and the small screen tonight, and we have all the pictures from the upcoming finale here. We already had a peek at the wedding-filled event , and now you can see even more, like Chuck and Blair's road to the altar and guest stars like Connor Paolo, Katie Cassidy, and more.  View 20 Photos Gossip Girl Dec 17, 2012 Say Farewell to Gossip Girl With a Look Back at the Cast's Cutest Snaps! Tonight one of TV's most fashionable series comes to an end when Gossip Girl airs its final episode — check out pictures from the finale now.  by Katie Henry Tonight one of TV's most fashionable series comes to an end when Gossip Girl airs its final episode — check out pictures from the finale now. We'll have to wait and see if Chuck and Blair finally walk down the aisle, what happens between Serena and Dan, and the identity of Gossip Girl, but until then, we're taking a look back at some of the cast's best snaps over the past five years. We've got on-set kisses, to industry parties and red-carpet affairs. Click through to see Blake Lively , Leighton Meester , Penn Badgley , and the rest of the Upper East Siders before we bid them a final farewell! XOXO, PopSugar  View 74 Photos Load More Editor&rsquo;s Pick Back on Set popsugar live! NOW   Watch POPSUGAR LIVE! Now   NOW   Watch POPSUGAR LIVE! Now    Featured Partners  Matthew McConaughey Shines in Dallas Buyers Club Trailer  Busy Philipps Is 'Way More Relaxed' with Baby No. 2  Fred Stobaugh, 96, Writes Heartbreaking Love Song for His Late Wife of 73 Years  Robin Thicke's New Video: Lots of Twerking but a More Innocent Dance Partner  More News at PEOPLE.com  Paris Jackson "Doing Much Better" After Suicide Attempt, Grandmother Katherine Jackson Says  Miley Cyrus' Team "Freaking Out" After MTV VMAs Performance, Justin Timberlake's 'N Sync Bandmates "Upset": Top 5  Naomi Watts Nervous About Prince William's, Prince Harry's Reactions to Her Princess Diana Portrayal  Robin Thicke's Mom Reacts to Miley Cyrus MTV VMA Performance: "I Don't Understand"  More News at Us Weekly  'Capture' Exclusive: What Constitutes Cheating?  'Suits' Exclusive: Donna Faces Stephen's Screw-Up  Paula Abdul Wants to 'Transition' to TV Acting  Exclusive Clip: Liam's 'Empire' Interrogation  More News at ET Online Sponsored Links  ShopStyle Search Top Brands Fly London Kelly & Katie Lancôme Rachel Pally Yellow Box Jo Malone Blank NYC Alberto Fasciani Top Searches heels shoes bebe winter dress hush puppies women watches workout clothes seven for all mankind vegan shoes What's Popular Kate Middleton Stocks Up to Feed Her Little Prince Gisele's Baby Girl Is Growing Up — Spitting Image of Her Daddy! See All the Pictures Inside the VMAs Miley Gone Wild at the VMAs — See All the Scandalous Pics Oh, Snap! See the Coolest Candids From the VMAs Serious in St.-Tropez: See Simon Cowell and Lauren Silverman's PDA-Filled Getaway Link Love Miley Cyrus posts raunchy photos after risqué performance &raquo; HuffPost Celebrity *NSYNC won't be reuniting again &raquo; Us Weekly You might be surprised by the highest-earning celebrity &raquo; The Daily Beast Khloé Kardashian has been in touch with her troubled husband &raquo; People Why you should follow Tom Hardy on Twitter &raquo; Lainey Gossip Lance Bass disses Lady Gaga &raquo; ET Online Disney reveals the mystery of Tomorrowland &raquo; BuzzFeed Joshua Jackson's new role &raquo; The Hollywood Reporter Is Kourtney Kardashian pregnant again? &raquo; TooFab Will you head to theaters to see Selena Gomez? &raquo; Rotten Tomatoes The VMAs' best-dressed couples &raquo; Wonderwall The girls who roasted James Franco &raquo; The Frisky Bryan Cranston is the next Lex Luthor &raquo; Newser Follow POPSUGAR Celebrity Pinterest Twitter Google + Instagram Subscribe to POPSUGAR Subscribe now to get instantly addictive email delivered to your inbox! Daily Sales &amp; Arrivals  Featured Shops  Top Stories  Fitness &amp; Healthy Living  Fashion &amp; Beauty  Must Have  Featured Partners Nicole Richie's Latest Project: Her Backyard Oasis  Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel Separate  Fred Stobaugh, 96, Writes Heartbreaking Love Song for His Late Wife of 73 Years  Lauren Scruggs Holds Hands with E! News Host Jason Kennedy in Mexico  More News at PEOPLE.com  Robin Thicke's Mom Reacts to Miley Cyrus MTV VMA Performance: "I Don't Understand"  Demi Lovato, Rumored Boyfriend Wilmer Valderrama Go to Disneyland: Picture  Miley Cyrus, MTV Anger Parents Television Council, Billy Ray Cyrus Serves on the Board  Naya Rivera: Mood on Glee Set Is "Terrible" After Cory Monteith's Death  More News at Us Weekly  Billy Ray on Miley: She's Still My Little Girl  Paula Abdul Wants to 'Transition' to TV Acting  Exclusive Clip: Liam's 'Empire' Interrogation  'Suits' Exclusive: Donna Faces Stephen's Screw-Up  More News at ET Online Most Popular on PopSugar Celebrity & News 160+ Celebrities You Should Be Kim Kardashian's Having a Girl — Go The Ultimate Celebrity Wedding Gallery Fashion Top Knots and Miniskirts: The Runway Refresh: See the Top 10 Trends Oh, Snap! More Than 100 Street-Styled Beauty New Products Added! Nearly 300 50+ Celebrity Lobs to Inspire Your ANTM Contestants: Where Are They Now? Fitness 25 Things That Are Keeping You 13 Ways to Tone the Inner Thighs Victoria's Secret Model Workout: Entertainment 50 Actors We Could See in the Fifty Season Finale Pictures: Elementary, The Best Bikini Moments in Movies Living 151 Upcycling Ideas That Will Blow 105 DIY Projects That Will Make You 68 Mostly Free Ways to Entertain Sites we Love Princess Diana's Ex Hasnat Khan Slams New Biopic, Says Movie Got Their Romance "Completely Wrong" Taylor Swift Disses Exes at VMAs: One Direction Defends Harry Styles Kelly Clarkson Disses Miley Cyrus? Singer Describes VMAs Performers as "Pitchy Strippers" Robin Thicke's Mom Reacts to Miley Cyrus MTV VMA Performance: "I Don't Understand" Tom Hardy joins Twitter Bradley Cooper and Suki Waterhouse in a park in Paris George Clooney and Sandra Bullock arrive in Venice for the Film Festival Smutty Tingles for August 26, 2013 Poor Chris Kirkpatrick's Hole Didn't Work Bobby Cannavale Tweets The VMAs Rihanna Spilled Popcorn At The VMAs And Blamed It On Someone Else 9 Celebrity Tweets You Missed Today Fred Stobaugh, 96, Writes Heartbreaking Love Song for His Late Wife of 73 Years Katherine Jackson: Paris Is Now 'In a Good Place' with Treatment Nicole Richie's Latest Project: Her Backyard Oasis Ed Sheeran: Most Women Want to Mother Me About Advertising Site Map Contact Terms Privacy Careers Mobile Site &copy;2013 POPSUGAR Inc. &bull; PopSugar • POPSUGAR Entertainment &amp; Culture Join Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram  [if lt IE 9]><script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js"></script><script>window.jQuery || document.write('<script src="http://media2.onsugar.com/v2103/static/js/vendor/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"><\/script>');</script><![endif] SiteCatalyst code version: H.26.Copyright 1996-2013 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com     