 The Epoch Times  Change edition: Home Choose your edition Advertise Subscribe Editions in other languages Print Edition Topics Video News China Arts & Entertainment Business Nation Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand United Kingdom United States World Africa Asia Pacific Europe International Middle East North America South America South Asia China Regime Business & Economy Culture Democracy &amp; Human Rights Society Nine Commentaries Business Companies Economy &amp; Trade Global Markets Real Estate Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader's Turn Science Beyond Science Earth &amp; Environment Inspiring Discoveries Space & Astronomy Technology Cyber Freedom Cyber Security Features Innovation Products Reviews Arts & Entertainment Celebrities Literary & Visual Arts Movies & TV Music Theatre Health Environment & Health Fitness Nutrition Other Ways of Healing Traditional Chinese Medicine Western Medicine Life Autos Fashion &amp; Beauty Food Home Slice of Life Travel Sports NFL NBA College Sports Hockey Baseball Football (Soccer) Tennis Golf Motorsports Cycling Rugby Other  Subscribe The Lewis Chessmen: Humor Is Cultural Medieval figures enchant at the Met By Betsy Kim Created: March 20, 2012 Last Updated: March 20, 2012 Related articles: Arts & Entertainment &raquo; Literary & Visual Arts  Chess figures from the 12th century express the virtues of the time, such as mournful contemplation of loss in the case of this queen. (Trustees of the British Museum) NEW YORK—The diminutive, delicately carved, 12th century Lewis chessmen face off in an endgame at the Cloisters, the branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art dedicated to the art of the Middle Ages. Their expressive faces, with bulging eyes, down-turned mouths, and gestures with their tiny hands prove a counterintuitive notion. Comical, even adorable, toy-like artwork can achieve historical and international significance. The exhibit, The Game of Kings: Medieval Ivory Chessmen From the Isle of Lewis, brings 34 of the world’s most famous chess pieces from the British Museum to New York City. More than 70 chess pieces were unearthed in 1831, buried in a stone chest on the Isle of Lewis, off the coast of Scotland. Based on the style of the carvings and costumes, historians believe artisans created the chessmen between 1150 and 1200, most likely in Trondheim, Norway. From this original trove, the British Museum owns 67 pieces, and the National Museums Scotland owns 11. Made of walrus tusk, with a few made of whale tooth, the figures have maintained their pristine condition for more than 800 years. In 2010, BBC Radio 4 and the British Museum produced an educational series, A History of the World in 100 Objects , which included the Lewis chessmen. Even more remarkable than their mere survival, these tiny, 1 5/8- to 4-inch characters continue to engender a universal and playful affection. Kings and Queens “The funniest ones are the queens because they’ve got their chins in their hands and they look a little bit fed up. People joke about them having toothaches or worrying about the weather,” said James Robinson, the British Museum curator of late medieval collections. People joke about them having toothaches or worrying about the weather. —James Robinson The queens wear open crowns perched upon flowing veils that drape past their shoulders. Intricately decorative patterns on the back of the kings’ and queens’ thrones resemble 12th century Scandinavian sculptures. One of the queens holds a horn in her tiny fingers. The other rests her elbow in her hand. Carved from walrus ivory, this 4-inch-tall medieval chess king, found in Scotland in 1831, currently sits at a Met exhibit in the Cloisters. (Trustees of the British Museum) The largest pieces, the kings, sit with swords on their laps. Long, thick braids of hair extend down their backs, reflecting the fashion of their time. Some scholars cite the chessmen as evidence of medieval humor. Robinson, however, believes the ivory carvings were not meant to be comical at the time, but portrayed stylized virtues: The king was an upright, just monarch. The queen was a thoughtful, grieving consort. The queen’s hand upon her face signifies a mournful contemplation of loss. Robinson compared the queens to a 12th century, bronze Virgin Mary holding her face in the same pose. He noted in that same time period, representations depict Adam making the same gesture, contemplating the expulsion from paradise. Robinson also referenced sculptures of figures attached to the sides of saints’ shrines. These sculptures have the same facial features of the chessmen. This was typical of the Romanesque aesthetic, which no one finds humorous in large-scale sculptures at churches. “I think a lot of it is about context. I think we’ve got to be careful when we try to extrapolate backwards in time to say that something we find funny today was funny then,” he said. Robinson believes today’s response to the Lewis chessmen makes them popular around the world because they speak to human values now. “I don’t think everyone has to be a medieval boffin to get something from them,” he said. Warders and Berserkers One of the warders (also called rooks) represents a “berserker,” a soldier so eager to battle that he bites his shield. To modern observers, he may appear comically frightened. But Robinson maintains the berserker represents the virtues of a fearless warrior. Berserkers, fearless North European warriors, are characterized by their shields. (Trustees of the British Museum) In his book The Lewis Chessmen , Robinson explains how this piece and contemporary usage of “berserk” stem from a Scandinavian Viking past. In an 1832 article about the chessmen for the journal Archaeologia, the assistant keeper of manuscripts at the British Museum, Sir Frederic Madden, quoted Snorri Sturluson (circa 1179–1241), the Icelandic historian, poet, and politician: “The soldiers of Odin went forth to the combat without armor, raging like dogs or wolves, biting their shields, and in strength equal to furious bulls or bears. “Their enemies lay prostrate at their feet; neither fire nor weapons harmed them; this frenzy was known as Berserksgangr,” Sturluson wrote in Heimskringla , the chronicle of the kings of Norway. Berserkers led to our word “berserk,” which describes a wild, violent, frenzy. Berserker may originally have meant “bare-shirt” or “bear-shirt.” Bishops, Knights, and Pawns The bishops wear ceremonial headdresses and carry crosiers. The hooked staffs symbolized the shepherd, a spiritual leader of the flock of God. Robinson emphasized that recorded 12th century humor is very satirical. In contrast, none of the chess pieces depict stock images of buffoonery or satire. “If the bishop were being made fun of, I don’t think you’d see him in that very serious, pious pose that we have him in,” he said. “You’d see him perhaps with a flacon of wine or riding a horse, hunting, because bishops were criticized and satirized for being more fond of the chase than paying attention to their flock,” he continued. The knights carry shields and swords and wear helmets. They ride sturdy, carousel-like horses. The Met information card points out the animals’ appearances geographically tie them to Icelandic ponies. As the front line of the defense, the bottom of the hierarchy, the pawns have no human faces or features. They almost resemble tombs or gravestone markings of small, octagonal columns. Chessmen at Play Today We will never know exactly who made the Lewis chessmen or for whom these miniature sculptures were made. Historians believe that most likely a merchant ship carried them, heading to northern Europe with a chest of treasures for the courts, the nobility, or an educated class. Today, the chessmen play to the fun-loving curiosities of adults and children in multiple countries. In Japan, they have gained extensive popularity, partly due to their appearance in the film Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone. In 2009, when the British Museum opened a new gallery with the chessmen, a Japanese TV crew came to interview Robinson for a children’s program. Due to vibrations on the wooden floorboard (which the museum has subsequently fixed), one queen would slightly move, swiveling her position. The TV interviewer said she heard the chessmen’s display case was haunted. Related Articles Discovering Old Master Sculptures: Possibilities Awaiting Robinson had no idea where the reporter received her information, but responded: “That’s absolutely right. Since we moved them, this queen is not happy with her new location and is turning her back on her king. She doesn’t like being here!” He then said that, of course, humor is cultural. The exhibit is open at the Cloisters Museum and Gardens through April 22. Betsy Kim formerly worked as a lawyer and a TV reporter. She is now a writer living in New York City. Twitter@BetsyKim.  GET THE FREE DAILY E-NEWSLETTER Enter your email: READ: Chinese Regime in Crisis Politically Risky Trial of Wang Lijun Ends in China China’s Economic Stimulus Unsustainable, Economists Say Trial Begins for Chinese Official Who Launched Scandal Japanese Companies to Close Factories in China Follow me on Twitter Follow @epochtimes Recommended on Facebook My Epoch Times Network on Facebook The Epoch Times, Chinese Edition 陕西财政厅拒绝公开“表哥”杨达才工资 金泰希接到新剧本 有望扮演张禧嫔 Super7大跳骑马舞 走性感可爱风 Read more... Selected Topics from The Epoch Times Latest News New Comments Most Comments  Subscribe | Print Edition | Other Languages | Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | RSS Feeds National Editions: Australia | Canada | Ireland | New Zealand | United Kingdom | United States Languages: Chinese | Korean | French | German | Spanish | Japanese | Russian | Ukrainian | Hebrew | Romanian | Bulgarian | Slovak | Swedish | Indonesian | Vietnamese | Portuguese | Turkish | Czech Copyright © 2000-2012 Privacy Policy | Rights and Permissions  