 Skip to content Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.motortrend.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x  My Profile Logout MT Classic Mobile Newsletter Staff MT Certified Follow Us  Home New Cars Used Cars Road Tests Auto Shows News Future Videos Photos Features Forums WOT Subscribe Subscribe Gift Digital Services MT Classic  Home &raquo; WOT &raquo; 2014 Scion tC Coupe Debuting at the New York Auto Show 2014 Scion tC Coupe Debuting at the New York Auto Show  13 New stories published within the last 24 hours  Zach Gale [ G+ ] News Director, MotorTrend.com March 21, 2013 6 photos  The 2014 Scion tC coupe will debut at the 2013 New York auto show next week, the automaker has just announced. The current, second-generation tC was first introduced for the 2011 model year, and we&#8217;re guessing the 2014 tC will represent more of a major refresh than a full redesign. The front-drive Scion tC remains very important to the Scion brand, even with the new rear-drive FR-S stealing the spotlight. Though the boxy xB and FR-S have outsold the tC through the first two months of 2013, the tC contributes more sales than the iQ and xD put together. A redesigned 2014 Scion tC should help boost sales for those who just want a cool-looking coupe and can&#8217;t afford the FR-S&#8217; $5000 price premium. The current Scion tC is powered by a 180-hp 2.5-liter I-4 mated to a six-speed manual or automatic transmission. In a Motor Trend comparison , a 2011 tC placed sixth, behind the Fiat 500, Hyundai Veloster, Volkswagen Beetle, Honda CR-Z, and Mini Cooper. The revised 2014 Scion tC, which debuts on March 28, may offer revised front styling with LED daytime running lights as well as retuned steering, a lightly retouched interior, and new wheel styles. Our comparison&#8217;s 2011 tC test car is shown below. So far, we only have one teaser image of the 2014 Scion tC, but it won&#8217;t be long before the full car is revealed. Stick with Motor Trend for all your New York auto show updates. Source: Scion  More on this Car: Specs, Compare, Safety, Pricing, Reviews, Rebates, Photos, Warranty Tags: Auto News , Coupe , Future/Spied , New York Auto Show , Scion Next Article: 2013 Mercedes C-Class, ML-Class Score Five-Star NHTSA Safety Rating Share:   See All 6 Photos Recommended Reading Most Popular Most Commented Thread of the Day: What Does the 2014 Scion tC Need to Get Enthusiasts&#8217; Attention? Priced: 2014 Scion tC, iQ, and 10 Series Special Editions Scion FR-S Convertible Coming? Toyota FT-86 Open Concept Debuting in Geneva Thread of the Day: Would You Rebadge a 2013 Scion FR-S as a Toyota GT 86?  Video Tour: 2014 Toyota Corolla S Styling Inside and Out WOT Opinion: How Can the 2015 Chevrolet Colorado Beat Tacoma? Next-Gen Nissan Titan to Offer Turbodiesel 5.0L V-8, About 550-Lb-Ft Spied: 2015 Ford Mustang Caught Without Camo Redesigned Nissan Titan Truck May Arrive for 2015 Model Year TOTD: Loaded 2014 Toyota Corolla S or Base Camry SE I-4? Testing the 850-HP Shelby GT500 Super Snake on Ignition (W/Video) Mazda to Produce One Million Skyactiv Engines Annually by 2014 Volkswagen e-Golf Debuting in Frankfurt, 0-62 MPH in 10.4 Seconds TOTD: Next-Gen Nissan Z Engine - Turbo-4 or V-6?  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment  Laymana32  5pts They better change this Scion, it looks so ugly. Not to mention sales have been terrible for this car. Toyota needs to wake up, their cars are so boring. Even their Lexus brand is very boring and simplistic, it's like they are not even trying.  tortillarat  5pts 1 Like I test drove the first-gen tC a few times while shopping around, and it didn't feel much different than a Corolla.  From what I've read, the current-gen is still boring (not to mention fugly).  Will this 'new' one be any better?  I'm not holding my breath.  Johnny.5sp  5pts  @ tortillarat  Yep! And things haven't change much either. Back in 1978 my close friend bought a Toyota Corolla Liftback, terrific 5sp shifter, well made, high quality, and the worst handling car I have ever driven except for a 1967 Ford Falcon. I'm OK with front wheel drive but this is 2013 no body should make a car, especially one with sporting pretensions that doesn't at least handle well.   Mojojito  5pts It would be smart for Toyota to put a turbo in the I-4. Pretty peppy engine.  BlackDynamiteOnline  5pts @ Mojojito  They will have a new turbo-4 engine for it, but it probably won't get there until a redesign in 2015.....BD PrydeWater  5pts @ MotorTrend @ scion pshh! Flat-bottom steering wheel. Hmph!  BlackDynamiteOnline  5pts Toyota looking to take over The Big Apple next week!All-new World Premieres of the Corolla and Highlaner. All-new World Premieres of the Scion xB and xD, and a updated tCScion will have turned over their whole lineup of 5 cars in less than 18 monthsThe Beast from The Far East invades the East Coast Domo Arigato! BD  Toycrusher  5pts Lol! It placed behind the CRZ!  Jc  5pts Finally! I was expecting sings from other scion cars for a long time, now they need to bring the xD and xB replacement asap!  askcarinsurance  5pts This will be a nice update for the model: RT %s 2014 %s tC debuting at the %s %syNZ  bobdevo  5pts Why anyone would want a wrong wheel drive Scion coupe when the FRS exists escapes me.  Raptr.121  5pts @ bobdevo  I keep seeing this "Wrong Wheel Drive" across the boards here and its really annoying to look at. I personally prefer RWD over anything else and that FWD is for general volume consumption and AWD should be 4WD but Im not going to go there. So if you could be kind sir knock off the wrong drive crap, it makes you look egotistical and snooty.  bobdevo  5pts #1, I referred to it as wrong wheel drive because for high performance driving it is literally the wrong wheels being driven.#2 The difference between AWD and 4WD is AWD means all four wheels are driven ALL the time, unlike traditional 4WD#3 Suggest you knock off the brainless lecturing, as it makes you look "egotistical and snooty" as well as full of bull.   Raptr.121  5pts @ bobdevo  @ Raptr.121  Crazy thought here and I might just be crazy, but maybe I just dont agree with the idea of AWD being needed in a car? I recognize that the GTR is impressive just because of its amazing power train with that V6 it has. I never said that there wasnt a performance gain from doing so or if it makes the car better.  I feel its just not needed and thats my own opinion, but I am going to ask you this, outside a track environment does that AWD 0-60 advantage matter? Or if it can go through that left hand turn in an intersection just a hair faster really matter?Now I have to ask, if you know that the super cars that Ferrari, McLarren, Lambo, Bugatti  have come we are getting to the 99th percentile in performance. You can only put so much horsepower to a set of tires, those tires can only grip so much till physics says no and you can only do so much even with AWD.So yes my opinion might be uninformative to you, but its still my opinion and I am not going to go around and flame people who think differently then I do. Auto manufactures do what they can to make a vehicle as perfect as it can get by their own means. We dont have to like the choices they make, we can go to a manufacturer that we feel is more in line with our tastes.And Quattro was developed from rally racing, Porsche added AWD because its a tradition that German cars always went into the Alps for skiing. Godzilla is the way it is to be that one car in a room full of $300,000+ high performance cars and say "Hey I have the same performance at a fraction of the price" which in quite honesty is the reason why I admire Nissan for building that monster.  bobdevo  5pts @ Raptr.121  @ bobdevo   You find AWD overkill?  Well, how clever of you, I suggest you tell the GTR and all those Audi Quattro or Porsche 4s models.  Your lectures are both tedious AND uninformed.  Raptr.121  5pts @ bobdevo   Okay this is getting out of hand, so I am going to make this my last comment to you.#I dont see the words "high performance" on the tC in the marketing adds or them pushing it to that market. I see them offering it as a sporty FWD car. So your statement of  Wrong Wheel Drive is retarded as it sounds.#2 I do know the difference between AWD and 4WD and I find AWD is overkill, overused, and unnecessary in most the applications its used for in the auto industry. The only real use for it is for off road or really terrible conditions which most of us will never experience unless you live far north, in the mountains or in the desert. And even then 4WD is more then capable for those applications.#3 Im done arguing, I dont mind having conversations with people about different views and I actually welcome them. But keep your pig headed views out of topics and try to actually be productive. Here's a good example. "Why get a FWD tC when you can get the FRS". Which would have been much better and not looking to start a flame war. Now Im going to let you stew on this as you read. bobdevo  5pts @ Raptr.121  @ bobdevo    Digame  5pts Well the sales reflect what bobdevo is saying.  Is it snooty to own a RWD?  Raptr.121  5pts @ Digame  That wasnt what I was getting at all. I just meant with people referring to FWD as Wrong Wheel Drive.   MotorTrend on Instagram  Home | New Cars | Used Cars | Car Reviews | Auto Shows | Future Cars | Car Prices | Car Pictures | Auto Rebates | Site Map Dealer | Car Dealers | Car Insurance | MT Classic | Subscribe | Give a Gift | Subscriber Services | MT Classic Subscription Espanol | | Licensing | Reprints | User Submitted Content | Privacy Policy | Ad Choices | Advertise with Us | Contact Us | Terms of Use  &copy; 2013 MotorTrend Magazine , Source Interlink Media All rights reserved. HALWBBLG5   