 Home News Travel Money Sports Life Tech Weather Lifeline Live: Your ticket to all that's entertainment by Ann Oldenburg Home Archives Related topics Forum About  2012-09-28 Richie, Takei joining 'New Normal' By Arienne Thompson , USA TODAY 6:27 PM Comment Move over, NeNe Leakes! Apparently, there's room for more than one reality star on Ryan Murphy's new NBC sitcom The New Normal . The multi-tasking Murphy, who also helms Glee and American Horror Story , revealed Friday that Nicole Richie will be joining the cast of Normal , which premiered to nearly 7 million viewers on Sept. 10. Also in the mix? Star Trek legend George Takei. "Proud to announce Nicole Richie and the legendary George Takei are joining The New Normal family," Murphy tweeted . Entertainment Weekly reports that Richie and Takei will be playing themselves on the show, which also stars Leakes, Ellen Barkin, Justin Bartha, Andrew Rannells and Georgia King. Malin Akerman expecting first child By Arienne Thompson , USA TODAY 5:36 PM Comment Rock of Ages actress Malin Akerman will soon be singing lullabies. The Swedish-Canadian actress and her husband of five years, Italian musician Roberto Zincone, are expecting their first child. Her rep confirmed the happy news to Us Weekly . It's not clear when or if Akerman, 34, will be taking some time off to, you know, actually have the baby, since according to her IMDB page , she has a whopping 10 projects in the works over the next year! Garfield to return for 'Spider-Man' sequel By Bryan Alexander , USA TODAY 4:15 PM Comment Andrew Garfield will don the Spider-Man suit again. Sony pictures announced Friday that Garfield will star as Peter Parker in the next chapter of T he Amazing Spider-Man , alongside director Marc Webb who helmed the highly successful reboot this summer. The studio statement added that Emma Stone is also in talks to return to the blockbuster franchise and is expected to reprise her role as Gwen Stacy -- the beautiful love interest for the young web-slinger. The new chapter -- in 3D -- of the Spider-Man saga is set for release in on May 2, 2014, with production beginning in early 2013. The Amazing Spider-Man has been one of the highlights of what has been a dismal summer for Hollywood movies. The reboot to the Spider tale has taken in more than $751 million worldwide. Capshaw opens up about 'Grey's' premiere By Arienne Thompson , USA TODAY 1:58 PM Comment Well, we didn't see THAT coming. In a chat with The Hollywood Reporter , actress Jessica Capshaw discusses last night's season premiere of Grey's anatomy, which saw one character die and another reveal a major, major injury. (If you've not watched the premiere episode, stop reading. Spoilers ahead! ) After last season's horrific plane crash, the fates of some of our favorite Seattle Grace doctors were, pardon the pun, left in the air. Viewers watched Lexie's emotional death, but weren't sure what would happen to Meredith (Ellen Pompeo), Derek (Patrick Dempsey), Mark (Eric Dane), Cristina (Sandra Oh) and Arizona (Capshaw) who were all injured and stranded in the woods. If you've read our recap of last night's premiere, you know that everyone except Mark survived, and that Arizona's leg was amputated. Capshaw sat down with THR to talk about Arizona's situation and how if may affect her relationship with her bone surgeon wife Callie (Sara Ramirez), who may or may not have performed the amputation herself. Her reaction to the amputation storyline : "I was shocked. ... It was shocking and it was meant to be shocking and to go on shocking and to provoke and tell a story that is a rare one. It's a rare story in the sense that we think that while there are many people who have had to amputate or will have to amputate, it's not something people are aware of in their daily life. It's still something where it's rare to see someone who is an amputee and a lot of times I think you might see someone who is but might not know about the disability. I don't think I thought of it, it wasn't even in my ether that it could happen to one of the characters on the show." The amputation's impact on Arizona and Callie's marriage : "It's a very complicated reckoning. If you lose something that's that important to you like a limb -- and it's the only thing that Arizona said in the preview: 'Don't let them take my leg' -- she sees Callie as her guardian. It's really hard: the worst thing thing that's ever happened to this woman is going to come as the hands of the person that's supposed to be the best thing in her life. That's a very rich dilemma. The story is going to be about how to come to terms with that and how to figure that out. Of course there's going to be blame and Arizona definitely sees herself as a victim in this. This happened to her, she didn't do anything to make this happen." How Arizona's recovery will play out this season : "There's a strong commitment to telling the story authentically. It's going to be as close to what the real story would be if this happened as it possibly can be. There's loss, rehabilitation, how will she become mobile again, using what devices. That's going to be a big thing. The intent is not to spend the entire season with her struggling and trying to find the way. There will be some resolution and understanding as well as some coming to reckonings if you will early on. It's not all darkness and brimstone; it's trying to get through this. There's no light without dark and there is no dark without light. You have to have both to understand what the other is in relation to itself. That's what the beginning of this season is for her." What will change between Arizona and Alex (Justin Chambers)? : "Arizona's two most important relationships at Seattle Grace are Callie and Karev. Her relationship with Karev has always been very intimate; she's always been a mentor to him and told him to believe in himself more than he thinks he should even believe in himself. She felt very betrayed by the end of last season when he was going to leave after she'd done all she'd done. She yanks him of the plane and look what happened. Arizona always has been so perky and present and always says things you'd wish you'd say in a moment and has the outlook that you wish you'd had. For first time, she's actually saying things that sound a lot more honest and in the moment so there's definitely blame and resentment. She is a devastating circumstance and she blames everyone." CW to air iHeartRadio concert By Arienne Thompson , USA TODAY 11:51 AM Comment Want to catch that Green Day meltdown one more time? Then, tune into the CW Monday when the network will air a two-hour concert special of the iHeartRadio festival, which took place Sept. 21-22 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The star-studded event made major headlines when Green Day frontman Billie Joe Armstrong went into a curse-laden tirade after claiming that show producers tried to cut the band's set short. When he was warned that the band had just one minute left onstage, he lashed out, yelling, "You've gotta be (expletive) kidding me! You're (expletive) kidding me. What the (expletive) I'm not (expletive) Justin Bieber, you mother(expletive). I got one minute left." For good measure, Armstrong also smashed his guitar onstage. The band later issued an apology and Armstrong entered rehab for substance abuse a few days later. The CW's iHeartRadio special will also feature performances by No Doubt, P!nk, Rihanna, Pitbull, Taylor Swift, Usher and Korean rap sensation Psy. The show will air Monday night at 8 p.m. ET/PT. Palace will not pursue action over naked Harry photos By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 10:39 AM Comment The royal family was royally ticked off when U.K. tabloid The Sun published the famous TMZ photos of naked Prince Harry partying in Las Vegas. But palace officials will not pursue a complaint with the British media watchdog commission, a St. James' spokesman says, reports AP. Even though other U.K. media outlets respected a request by the palace not to publish the images, The Sun , part of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. empire, had argued that there was "a clear public interest" in allowing its readers to see the images. The Press Complaints Commission said it would be inappropriate for it to take action in the absence of a formal complaint by palace officials. On Thursday, the commission said the palace decided to drop the matter. "Prince Harry is currently focused entirely on his deployment in Afghanistan, so to pursue a complaint relating to his private life would not be appropriate at this time and would prove to be a distraction," the palace spokesman said. "We have concluded that it would not be prudent to pursue the matter further, and we will have no further comment to make about the matter." The palace did, however, file a lawsuit and criminal complaint in France against a magazine that ran topless pictures of Prince William's wife, Kate. Arnold Schwarzenegger: 'I inflicted tremendous pain' By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 10:22 AM Comment Look for Arnold Schwarzenegger's public mea culpa on Sunday night. The former California governor and bodybuilder-turned-action star is finally talking about his affair with his housekeeper â?? in the name of promoting his new memoir, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story. "I think it was the stupidest thing I've done in the whole relationship. It was terrible. I inflicted tremendous pain on Maria and unbelievable pain on the kids," Schwarzenegger tells Lesley Stahl on the 45th season premiere of 60 Minutes (CBS, Sunday, 7 p.m.). More: Arnold tells Maria about the affair in therapist's office The affair with Mildred Baena resulted in a son named Joseph, who is now 14. Schwarzenegger also writes of another affair he had while married to Maria, according to a show release. Shriver would not comment to 60 Minutes about the interview or the book, which Schwarzenegger says she has not read. "She knows that it's about my whole life and that I would not write a book and kind of leave out that part and make people feel like, 'Well, wait a minute. Are we just getting a book about his success stories and not talk about his failures?' ... I wanted to write a book about me." 'Seinfeld' star: 'I am hard-core middle class' By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 9:53 AM Comment Jason Alexander, who played George Costanza on Seinfeld , insists that his payday from the show doesn't make him upper class. "I am hard-core middle class," Alexander told about 50 supporters of President Obama at a pizzeria in Adel, Iowa, on Thursday, reports NBC . "Jerry Seinfeld made a puddle, I stepped in it, and wonderful things happened," he said, according to the Des Moines Register . Yes, he admitted the job put him in the upper echelons of society. But, he said, "I do not want to live in that one percent. I don't believe in it. I don't think our country, or any country, runs well when the one percent is thriving and the rest are suffering and struggling." The supporters were gathered to listen to Alexander and then walk to a nearby elections office to cast early votes for President Obama, one of a number of statewide events marking the start of early voting. More: Iowans start casting votes for president Alexander told the crowd he has a "man-crush" on Obama,. Later, in an interview with NBC News, Alexander praised Obama as a man of "conviction" and "principle." LeAnn Rimes has 'Batman' fun with family By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 9:25 AM Comment LeAnn Rimes, 30, who announced she was starting a 30-day treatment program last month for anxiety issues, had a big smile on the red carpet Thursday for the Batman Live premiere at L.A.'s Staples Center. She and hubby Eddie Cibrian, 39, held hands as they posed for photos with his sons, Mason, 9, and Jake, 5. "Incredible show!!!. Batman was fab!" she tweeted . The singer has a slew of tour dates lined up for fall. Carrie Underwood 'first kiss' kid has a new target By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 8:46 AM Comment The boy who got his first kiss from Carrie Underwood at her Louisville, Ky., concert is enjoying his few minutes of fame this week. "I was shocked," Chase Kurnick, 12 said on the Today show this morning, sporting a #liptolip T-shirt. Explaining why he told Underwood that they were going to do it "lip to lip," Kurnick said, "I wasn't just going to go up there and just get a little kiss on the cheek. If I'm going to get it, I'm going to get it right." His parents helped him make the sign, they said. They were sitting in another spot in the auditorium when Underwood pulled him on stage. And when Kurnick went to school on Monday, he was a star. "It took me like five minutes to get to one class," he said, because kids "were fist-bumping me. ... They were jealous." He swears he hasn't washed his lips since. But he does have another target. Who's next on his wish list? "Selena Gomez." 'Grey's Anatomy' premiere: 'Going, going, gone' By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 8:20 AM Comment Grey's Anatomy fans had to reach for the Kleenex during Thursday's Season 9 premiere. It was titled Going, going, gone -- and now we know why. SPOILERS ahead: Our favorite docs were coping with the aftermath of the plane crash that took the life of Lexie Grey, and the voiceover: "Dying changes everything." Dr. Mark "McSteamy" Sloan (Eric Dane) was hooked up to a ventilator. He's been in a coma for a month and, according to his will, he's going to be taken off of it at 5:00. It's particularly hard for his two best pals, Derek Shepherd and Callie Torres. Meredith Grey has earned the nickname Medusa because she's such a meanie. Dr. Bailey is happy and into bootie calls. Cristina Yang is off in Minnesota where she's having a tough time fitting in. Alex is leaving/not leaving for his new job at Johns Hopkins. Owen is hunting down April to beg her to come back to doctoring. And Arizona, it seems, has died in the plane crash until it's revealed near the end of the show that Callie had to amputate the lower part of her leg! "I am infinitely delighted that Arizona lives," Jessica Capshaw tweeted after the premiere. "How she lives in this season will certainly be a wild ride. I thank you all for your support." As for Eric Dane's exit? E! is reporting that budget cuts prompted the move, saying show exec Shonda Rhimes had to trim the cast. Dane told TV Line back in July that he was "extremely grateful" for the run. And Rhimes at the time, indicated it was a joint decision, saying his McSteamy was "one of the most beloved characters on Grey's Anatomy ." She added that Dane "did not come to this decision lightly, but after much consideration and conversations, he and I have decided that this is the right time for his storyline to end. 2012-09-27 Selena Gomez to executive produce 'Wizards' special By Cindy Clark , USA TODAY 7:15 PM Comment Selena Gomez is adding executive producer to her Disney Channel resume. The brunette beauty -- and girlfriend of teen sensation Justin Bieber -- has signed on to executive produce a Wizards of Waverly Place special that begins production next month in Los Angeles. Gomez will reprise her Wizards role as Alex in the one-hour television event scheduled for premiere in early 2013. The storyline takes the Russo family and friends to Tuscany, Italy, to meet their long lost relatives. Things go awry when Alex inadvertently conjures a spell that creates a Good Alex and an Evil Alex. Justin Timberlake talks BBQ, booze By Cindy Clark , USA TODAY 5:00 PM Comment Just call Justin the host with the most. The Memphis-born entertainer is Southern boy at heart, and that includes Southern hospitality (which just happens to be the name of his New York-based restaurant). JT likes to entertain, and it sounds like he does it well. Timberlake recently sat down with Bon Appetit to talk about his hosting style. Among the highlights: On being a great host: "The key to good hosting is to make sure everyone has enough to eat--and booze on. In my house, we tend to host Sunday barbecues, which is convenient in football season. Everybody can do chips and dips. But a good friend of ours, Jon Rollo--one of the founders of Greenleaf in L.A.--will send over pretzel bite sandwiches and flatbread pizzas. He'll send over fennel salads. Don't get me wrong: I can never turn guacamole down. But this is a healthy alternative to loading your face with cans of Rotel." His philosophy on being a good host: " If you're hosting people, you want them to feel like they're in their own home. I don't like things to be too formal. I've hosted Halloween murder mystery dinners where people had to search through the house for clues. We did one that was Prohibition era-themed. The girls showed up as flappers and the guys showed up in waistcoats and pinstripes. At some point, people will drink enough to be hungry, so you need enough food. I've hosted parties where I'll have an In-and-Out truck show up later on in the evening. You know everyone will be hungry again." Read more &#0187; Jay-Z answers 'Are you having another baby?' question By Ann Oldenburg , USA TODAY 3:29 PM Comment Jay-Z deftly handled a frank question thrown at him by E! News' Alicia Quarles on Wednesday night at the NBA 2K13 video game release at his 40/40 Club in New York. "Are you having another baby?" she asked. Rumors have been bubbling up that his wife, Beyonce, is expecting another baby. "Tonight?" Jay-Z quipped. "No." Undeterred, Quarles continued, "What about in nine months?" "Not in nine months," Jay said. "Absolutely not." But still not satisfied, Quarles said, but before then? "No," Jay said. "Not in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight or nine months."  About Ann Oldenburg Ann has worn out many stilettos chasing celebs for USA TODAY. She's covered the Oscars, the Emmys, the Golden Globes, and has interviewed stars ranging from Tom Cruise to Rosie O'Donnell. Ann knows entertainment news is best served as a hot dish to friends and she's hoping you'll dig right in. More about Ann Subscribe to Lifeline Live  Subscribe to Lifeline Live via RSS  Sign up for Lifeline Live e-mail alerts  Delivered by FeedBurner Blogroll Huffington Post Just Jared Marc Malkin People Pop Sugar Pop Watch The Daily Beast The Young Black and Fabulous TMZ TV Guide US Weekly Home News Travel Money Sports Life Tech Weather USAToday.com Life Copyright &#169; 2012 USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Co. Inc. Contact us Privacy notice Ad Choices Terms of Service Reprints and permissions 