 Mazda Miata Clutch Repair | Tri-Valley Automotive, Dublin Ca. Our Daily Repairs Today, a good customer of ours called up to say his clutch was slipping on his 1990 Mazda Miata. After discussing with him... Auto Repair News &#8211; Dublin, CA | More Women Handling Car Repair Duties Education Our women customers are important to us.And not just because they deserve the same respect as men, which they do, of course.... Mazda Miata race car | Tri-Valley Automotive, Dublin Ca. Our Race Car My race car is a 1992 Mazda Miata. I compete in the Sports Car Club of America&#8217;s Solo II competition here in the Bay... Auto Repair News &#8211; Dublin, Ca. | Mantainence Tips &amp; Advice Tips and Advice for Safer Drivability.           August 2012It’s important to keep up on your vehicle’s maintenance....  Home Services Brake Repair Timing Belt Service 30K, 60K, 90K Services Oil Change Shocks and Struts Air Conditioning, AC Service Clutch Repair Honda Repair Mazda Repair Toyota Repair Subaru Repair Acura Repair Lexus Repair Diesel Service News About Reviews Contact Coupons  FAQs Industry News Education Tips &#038; Advice Our Daily Repairs Our Race Car Auto Repair &#8211; Dublin, Ca. -  Professional Car Repair Mechanics Tri-Valley Automotive in Dublin, Ca . is your all-auto repair solution. We serve  the Dublin, Pleasanton, Livermore and San Ramon 680 corridor. From a simple oil change to a major service, we’ll help keep you running. We pride ourselves on our customer service, friendly mechanics, and quality, honest car repair. We service all Domestic, Asian and European cars, trucks, and minivans. We perform A/C, brake and clutch repair, timing belts, Check Engine Light diagnosis, tune-ups and much more. Your car will stay on the course  with our Courtesy 30-Point Inspection service. You will be notified and advised on what service is needed now or down the road. For your convenience, you can now plan out your car repair needs. With Tri-Valley Automotive, you have Peace of Mind. Spring tip:  With spring weather happening all around us, it’s time for a vehicle check-up. If your college kids are heading off to spring break, safety on the road will keep you free from worry. Well, one kind, anyway. Bring their vehicle by for a once-over, and we&#8217;ll also check out the AC, keeping them the cool kids that they are! &#8220;Working with Tri-Valley Automotive has been an amazing experience. Friendly crew, honest upfront quotes, information and timely service. I am always on a limited time schedule and they are more than willing to fit me in and take good care of my car and at very reasonable comparable rates. I highly recommend you give them a try if you are looking for a service beyond compare and a long term auto service relationship.&#8221; Dusty,  Pleasanton  Featured Articles 0 Mazda Miata race car | Tri-Valley Automotive, Dublin Ca. January 18, 2012 Our Race Car 0 Mazda Miata Clutch Repair | Tri-Valley Automotive, Dublin Ca. January 18, 2012 Our Daily Repairs 1 Water Pump Repair | Tri-Valley Automotive Dublin, Ca. October 25, 2011 Our Daily Repairs 0 Fuel Pump Repair | Tri-Valley Automotive, Dublin Ca. August 22, 2011 Our Daily Repairs 0 Auto Repair News &#8211; Dublin, Ca. | Mantainence August 9, 2011 Tips &amp; Advice Check Out Our Facebook Page! Pages: Home Services News About Reviews Contact Coupons Browse Categories: FAQs Industry News Education Tips &#038; Advice Our Daily Repairs Our Race Car Copyright &copy; 2013 trivalleyautomotive.com - Auto Repair Dublin, CA . All Rights Reserved. Grab our RSS Feed Follow us on Twitter 