 Skip to main content  Search form Search   About About Us Staff &amp; Board FAQ Collection Press Sponsors Contact Blog Events Bay Area Fight Night Education Saturday Morning Kids Programming Class From Idea to App Location and Open Hours Getting Involved Contact Us Meetings Discussion Donors Donate Pricing &amp; Membership What are we? We are located at 610 16th St. Suite 230, Oakland CA 94612 The Museum of Art and Digital Entertainment is Oakland's Video Game Museum . Known simply as "The MADE," we host free programming classes for kids, playable exhibitions of historically significant works, lectures, tournaments, game development parties and community events. The MADE is a non-profit, 501c3, dedicated to the preservation of videogame history, and to educating the public as to how videogames are created. We are also dedicated to the heralding of videogames as an artistic medium. The MADE is open Saturdays and Sundays, 12 - 6, and weekdays for events. Everything below is from our original "About Us" and was written in a manner consistent with what is required by the IRS and State governmental agencies. In other words: below is the official mumbo-jumbo talk about what the MADE is. The Museum of Art and Digital Entertainment (MADE) is a center and museum dedicated to activities that engage participants with all forms of digital art and entertainment. EIN# 26-4570976 Our core goals are as follows: A. The preservation of historic artistic works in the digital media. B. The education of the public in the process of creation for digital works of art and video games. C. The exhibition and curation of individual artists and creators, their works, and their biographies. D. All exhibits should be playable: games are to be played, not viewed from afar or watched on video. The great artistic medium of our time is the computer. Going back to the beginning of time, new mediums have arrived and floated the art world and human culture upwards, despite initial questions of artistic merit. Photography, film, audio recordings, neon lights, even soup cans have become iconic media and messages of art. So too, has digital entertainment become an art form. The MADE will strive to elevate the work of thousands to a level at which it can be fully appreciated on A broad scale. The museum's primary purpose will be to educate the public about the artistry, craftsmanship and inspiration that go into the creation of videogames and digital works of art, such as programatic visual/audio demonstrations. The 15-year goal of the MADE is to become a world-class institution headquartered in San Francisco, California. For the first few years of its existence, the MADE will be a small venue which will produce traveling exhibits, hold social events, and display a modest but varying collection of antique and relevant artifacts. Through donations from videogame companies, universities, art institutions and private donors, the MADE will strive to construct a financial foundation upon which to build a world-class facility, hopefully near the existing SF Museum of Modern Art and the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts. When constructing a videogame, dozens of artists spend months drawing rough sketches and detailed works in an attempt to visualize the eventual look and feel of the game. At the end of this process, most game companies pack these works of art away for storage and forget about them. The MADE will make every effort to preserve and display such traditional works, and non-traditional variants. Additionally, the MADE will endeavor to create and house an extensive collection of videogames and ephemera. From advertising materials, to complete original copies of games, the museum will rotate its displays often. Traveling works and pieces from other museums will also be solicited for display. Once completed, the MADE, will feature art of all varieties, from audio, to visual, to emotional and tactile. It is hoped that showing the process and work that goes into making videogames will inspire passion in those who visit. The MADE will sponsor community talks and provide a location for educational and instructional presentations to take place. Above all else, the MADE will strive to educate the public as to what goes on behind the scenes in a videogame. Today, most people know how a movie is made, but few understand how a game is made. The MADE will show them. Contact us via email at alex@themade.org, don@themade.org or krysc@themade.org. The MADE is a 501(c)(3) center and museum dedicated to activities that engage participants with all forms of digital art and entertainment. (c) The MADE <div id="network" class="block"> <h2>Network Connect</h2> <div class="network">  <a href="http://twitter.com/themade" class="twitter">Twitter</a>  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Museum-of-Art-and-Digital-Entertainment/151525434925109" class="facebook">Facebook</a> </div> </div>  Donate Twitter Tweets by @TheMADE 