   1955 Classic Convertible Pedal Car, Aqua and White Shipped Free within the lower 48 States. Alaska, Hawaii and Canada please send e-mail for shipping quote. Accepting U.S. &amp; Canadian Orders Only PRODUCT MENU PEDAL TOY PRODUCTS Classic Metal Pedal Cars Train Engine Toys Tractors for Kids Airplane Toys Pedal Car Kits Pedal Car Accessories OTHER RIDE ON TOYS Preschool Toddler Toys Classic Tricycles OTHER COOL KID TOYS Die Cast Collectibles Toddler Pull Toys PEDAL CAR RESOURCES General Information New Releases Classic Pedal Car Parts  The design of our Classic Convertible Pedal Car will thrill any child with it's distinctive body shape. This really cool looking toy pedal car was designed to resemble the classic 1955 Chevy. An all metal peddle car constructed of stamped steel with a tube chassis this toy is built to last and these classic car are also a great gift idea that will provide hours of healthy fun while creating happy memories for your little one that will last a lifetime. 1955 Classic Pedal Car Specifications: 38" Long x 17" Wide x 19" Tall All-steel construction with real rubber tires & padded seat Chrome steering wheel, windshield and hubcaps Classic American Automotive Styling Aqua &amp; white lead free baked enamel finish. Tested child safe. Minor assembly required: Windshield & Steering Wheel. Ball bearings wheels &amp; drive with adjustable pedals Shipping weight & dimensions: 37 lbs., 41" x 15" x 18" UPS Shipping Regular Ground: Time In Transit Map Recommended Ages: 3Â&ndash;6 Years Adult Supervision Required Other 55 Classic Convertibles 55 Classic Convertible Aqua / White Pedal Car Sorry / Out of Stock ETA Unknown ... Product SKU/Part Number: 55A SECURE ONLINE ORDERING provided by FREE SHIPPING to the lower 48 United States Shipping Times Alaska, Hawaii Canada Before ordering please send e-mail for shipping quote. Other Order Options Order Toll Free: 866 441 9544 Mon.-Fri. 9AM-6PM Central Standard Time (Except Holidays) Mail in Your Order: &quot;Click here&quot; to down load and print a copy of our Mail Order Form Pink and White 55 Red and White 55 Black 55 with Flames Offering The Best Selection Of Classic 1955 Pedal Car Toys Welcome to Americanpedalcar.com. You will notice that we have a very extensive line of car child pedal toys and classic pedal car products. Our 1955 Classic Convertibles very much resemble the famous 1955 Chevrolet, if you are looking for a classic toy car or a classic convertible pedal car you will find it here. We also offer a variety of other kid pedal car products, Instep pedal cars, Ford pedal cars, collector pedal cars, fire truck pedal cars, pedal planes and so much more! When it comes to the best child pedal car toy store, we are your experts. Take a look around our site and find the classic toy pedal car that best suits your style and needs. Thank you for visiting and we hope you have enjoyed yourself. Home About Us | Contact Us | Ordering &amp; Payments | Shipping &amp; Returns | Privacy | Site Map | Links 55 Classic Convertible Pedal Car Aqua and White 