[if IE 8]><link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/mi/system/css/layout-ie8.css" /><![endif] [if IE 7]><link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/mi/system/css/layout-ie7.css" /><![endif] Automotive Motorcycle/Bicycle RV’s Heavy Truck Earthmover Agriculture Aviation Tweel Maps &amp; Guides Logo Merchandise Global Welcome to the Michelin U.S. website Promotions Register Your Tires Email Login Contact Us Home  Automotive Tires Find Your Tires Locate a Tire Dealer Consumer Reviews Promotions Register Your Tires Warranty Information View All Tire Sizes Browse by Tire Category… Passenger Car & Minivan Luxury Performance Touring Ultra-High Performance SUV & Crossover Light Truck Winter MICHELIN ® PAX ® System Voluntary Safety Recall  Tires 101 About Tires FAQs Glossary When to Buy Tires How to Choose Tires Why Buy Michelin Tire Maintenance Tire Repair Tire Storage Register Your Tires Michelin Warranty Driving Tips Safety Tips Winter Driving Academy  Michelin Experience Choose MICHELIN Total Performance Car Clubs Michelin Sponsored Driving Schools 2013 Michelin Soccer Program  Motorsports The Alley Motorsports News Michelin Global Motorsports MICHELIN ® GREEN X ® Challenge North American Racing Series  About Us Michelin North America, Inc. Michelin Worldwide Sustainable Development Press Room Careers  We have detected that you are visiting from outside of the United States. If you are not looking for our US site, please visit our Global site and select the appropriate region.  close Login to Michelinman.com Login to update your information, preferences and schedule tire rotation reminders. If you don't already have an account, click here to create one . Email Address: Password: Forgot your password? Enter your email address and we will send you a new password. Email Address: Back to Login  Thank you! You should be receiving your current password shortly. Back to Login Home  &gt;  Automotive Tires Automotive Tires Browse Our Catalog of Automotive Tires To explore tire features and benefits, browse our catalog. Select a category to get started or for expert guidance use the Team Michelin Tire Selector , the easiest way to find the right tire. Passenger Car & Minivan Tires Whether on the highway or around town, these passenger car tires offer an exceptional combination of safety, long-lasting tread wear and fuel-efficiency. Learn More Luxury Performance Touring Tires Exceptional tires engineered to provide a safe, comfortable ride and responsive handling perfectly suited for premium touring cars made by Honda, Toyota, BMW, Acura, Mercedes-Benz, Audi and others. Learn More Ultra-High Performance Sport Tires Tires that bring out the very best for the world&rsquo;s top sports and performance cars. Learn More SUV & Crossover Tires Proven balance of long wear life, comfort and all season traction. The right tires for owners of SUVs and Crossovers. Learn More Light Truck Tires Great combination of wear life, durability, toughness and grip. The right tires for the owners of Light Trucks. Learn More Winter Tires An uncompromising combination of starting, stopping and cornering traction that lasts winter after winter. Learn More Team Michelin Tire Selector The easiest way to find the right tire. The Team Michelin Tire Selector helps you find the right tire. Real Michelin experts make their recommendation based on your answers to a few simple driving questions. Find Tires The Michelin Warranty Michelin stands behind the craftsmanship and quality of all our tires. Michelin tires are designed to deliver lasting performance and engineered and manufactured to the highest standards. We stand behind each one. In addition to our Standard Limited Warranty, all Michelin tires also carry a limited mileage warranty and are now backed further by the Michelin Promise Plan so you can feel good knowing that Michelin ensures you&rsquo;re getting high quality and great value in your tire. See Details The Michelin Promise Plan A promise of this magnitude can only come from Michelin We want you to be 100% satisfied with your Michelin passenger or light truck replacement tires so they are backed by the Michelin Promise Plan . It&rsquo;s a one-of-a kind pledge that includes a 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee, Flat Tire Changing Assistance and a Limited Mileage Warranty. Learn More Michelin® PAX® System Drive safe with the Michelin® PAX® System The Michelin&reg; PAX&reg; System is a revolutionary run-flat technology that will help you safely reach your destination in the event of a flat. Should a flat tire occur, you will be able to safely drive up to 125 miles at 55 MPH in order to get assistance. The Michelin&reg; PAX&reg; System will change the way you think about flat tires. Learn about the PAX® System Although not available online, we may be able to help you find a tire that fits your selection. Please tell us the year, make and model of the vehicle for which you would like a tire recommendation. Also please let us know which tire features are important to you. Finally, let us know the area of the country where you do most of your driving. This way, we can provide you with our best recommendation. Please click the "CONTACT US" button below to allow our Consumer Care team to help you find a tire that matches your selection or view all tire sizes available. Find a Tire Locate a Tire Dealer Sign up for Emails Contact Us Close Locate a Tire Dealer Enter Street Address, City and State, or Zip code below Close Locate a Tire Dealer Close Speak with your own personal Tire Concierge To speak with a Tire Concierge now, call 1-888-633-3339. If you'd prefer that a Tire Concierge call you, enter your information below and you'll receive a call back within 10 minutes. * Required Fields * Your Country: Select a Country United States Canada Mexico * Your Phone Number: Extn. * Your Name: Email Address: * I Want to Talk About: Character limit: Please verify the information provided by you. Name: Michelin Phone Number: 0810456354 Email Address: michelin@michelinman.com Thank you! We will call you in approximately 10 minutes. Failure Message Functionality is temporarily unavailable. We respect your privacy and will keep your personal information completely confidential as stated in our privacy policy. Close Find Tires By: Vehicle Tire Size Tire Name Tire Category Close Please Note Winter tires are available. Would you like to view them? YES , Show only winter tires NO , Show all other tires Choose Year 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 Can't Find Your Year? Your vehicle was manufactured with multiple tire sizes. Please select your size. Find the exact tire quickly using your tire size. Check your owner's manual or tire sidewall to find the required specifications. Choose a Type PMetric (Ex: P235/75R15) EMetric (Ex: 235/75R15) LTMetric (Ex: LT235/75R15) Commercial (Ex: 205/70R14C) PAX (Ex: 265-790R540A) Metric (Ex: 195R15) LTHigh Flotation (Ex: 31x10.50R15) Can't Find Your Tire Size? If you know the name of the tire are looking for, select the tire from the list below. Choose a Tire Name 4x4 Diamaris Agilis Alpin A4 Defender Energy LX4 Energy MXV4 Plus Energy MXV4 S8 Energy Saver Energy Saver A/S Latitude Alpin Latitude Alpin HP Latitude Diamaris Latitude Sport Latitude Tour Latitude Tour HP Latitude X-Ice XI2 LTX A/S LTX A/T2 LTX M/S LTX M/S2 LTX Winter Pilot Alpin PA2 Pilot Alpin PA3 Pilot Alpin PA4 Pilot Exalto PE2 Pilot MXM4 Pilot Primacy Pilot Sport Pilot Sport 3 Pilot Sport A/S 3 Pilot Sport A/S Plus Pilot Sport Cup Pilot Sport PS2 Pilot Super Sport Primacy 3 Primacy Alpin PA3 Primacy HP Primacy MXM4 Primacy MXV4 Symmetry X Radial DT X Radial LT2 X-Ice X-Ice Xi3 XPS Rib XPS Traction Can't Find Your Tire Name? All tires fall into certain categories. If you're wanting to do a broad search of our tire lines, use the list below. Choose a Category Light Truck Luxury Performance Touring Passenger Car/Minivan SUV/Crossover Ultra-High Performance Sport Winter U.S. Automotive Tires Automotive Tires Find Your Tires Locate a Tire Dealer Consumer Reviews Promotions Register Your Tires Warranty Information View All Tire Sizes Browse by Tire Category… Passenger Car & Minivan Luxury Performance Touring Ultra-High Performance SUV & Crossover Light Truck Winter MICHELIN ® PAX ® System Voluntary Safety Recall Tires 101 About Tires FAQs Glossary When to Buy Tires How to Choose Tires Why Buy Michelin Tire Maintenance Tire Repair Tire Storage Register Your Tires Michelin Warranty Driving Tips Safety Tips Winter Driving Academy Michelin Experience Choose MICHELIN Total Performance Car Clubs Michelin Sponsored Driving Schools 2013 Michelin Soccer Program Motorsports The Alley Motorsports News Michelin Global Motorsports MICHELIN ® GREEN X ® Challenge North American Racing Series About Us Michelin North America, Inc. Michelin Worldwide Sustainable Development Press Room Careers Michelin Warranty Email Subscription Register Your Tires Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Help Copyright© 2013 Michelin North America Inc., All rights reserved. 1 Parkway S. Greenville SC 29615 USA 1-866-866-6605