  DriveTime™| Used Cars &amp; Auto Loans for Bad Credit The Go-To-Guys for Used Cars and Bad Credit Used Cars from DriveTime DriveTime is setting new standards for the subprime used car dealer industry. Buying a used car with credit issues can be very difficult and actually put you in a worse position than you were in before. At DriveTime we care about our customers, that is why all of our vehicles come with a multi-point inspection and a vehicle history report. Quality Used Cars When you shop for used cars with bad credit, you’ll find that the used cars at other dealers may not be the best vehicle to suit your needs. DriveTime stocks over 5000 used cars, trucks and SUVs providing you the freedom of choice in your search for a used vehicle. DriveTime also cares about the quality of the used car that we have at our dealerships. All vehicles are thoroughly inspected to prevent issues that might lead to costly repairs down the road. Our customers have the peace of mind that the used car they purchase will be dependable for years to come. DriveTime Used Car Resources Our DriveTime website provides you with a vast amount of information to aid you in selecting a used car or to start the financial approval process. If you’re looking for used cars online , you can find inventory by location and see each used vehicle’s details which are critical to selecting the perfect vehicle for your needs. If you want to get approved, DriveTime will quickly give you approval feedback and aid in scheduling an appointment to visit a dealership near you. Financing Options When you purchase a used car with DriveTime, you have plenty of auto financing options available. You will not only get approved right away but also have the opportunity to take advantage of several rewards.  Buy Here Pay Here used car lots: Why choose DriveTime? Your entire experience at DriveTime will be an experience that Buy-Here-Pay-Here used car dealerships cannot match. Beyond the benefits of our industry-leading vehicle coverage, the DriveCare Package, the experience and service you'll receive as an interested party or a customer of ours is far different. Go Green with SmartWay® Used Cars DriveTime cares about the environment. Our used car dealerships across the nation have a vast selection of fuel-efficient, low-emission used vehicles for you to choose from. Just look for the SmartWay® sticker.  Schedule a Visit Dealership Locator Make A Payment About Us Contact Us Careers Help 1-888-418-1212 Get Approved Find Your Vehicle DriveTime Difference My DriveTime Recent Vehicles 0 Loading... Enter your Zip Code: " class="locator-toggle-button-green radi-3" id="locator-zip-button" />  OR Choose City:  Choose City Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Pelham Chandler Glendale Mesa Phoenix Tucson North Little Rock Downey Montclair Riverside Torrance Denver Lakewood Bradenton Clearwater Fort Myers Hialeah Jacksonville Kissimmee Lakeland Lauderdale Lakes Ocala Orange Park Orlando Pensacola Sanford Tallahassee Tampa Augusta Columbus Conyers Marietta Morrow Savannah Stone Mountain Union City Indianapolis Louisville Jackson St. Louis Las Vegas Albuquerque Charlotte Concord Fayetteville Gastonia Greensboro Raleigh Winston Salem Cincinnati Columbus Fairfield Oklahoma City Tulsa Warr Acres Charleston Columbia Conway Greenville Antioch Chattanooga Knoxville Madison Memphis Arlington Austin Dallas Fort Worth Houston Irving Lewisville Live Oak McAllen New Braunfels North Plano Round Rock San Antonio Temple Chesapeake Henrico Newport News Norfolk Petersburg Richmond  Get approved  WE BRING PEOPLE & CARS TOGETHER  Let us help you find & finance your perfect vehicle today.  We've approved millions of people for auto loans.  See how simple it is to get approved.  Get Approved  Thousands of vehicles for you to choose from.  Find one that fits your lifestyle.  Find a Vehicle Find a vehicle Auto Loans Made Simple Stop worrying about your credit. Take 2 minutes and get approved for a great used car. Step: 1 of 2 / Start Application. First Name: Last Name: Zip Code: Phone: Home Home Work Mobile Email: SSN: Birthday: Add'l Phone: Home Home Work Mobile Address: City: State State AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY  I certify that this information is correct.  Read Full Agreement Approval Information By clicking the “Submit” button: You certify that the information you have provided is complete and correct. You authorize DriveTime to investigate your credit, including obtaining credit or similar reports from one or more consumer credit reporting agencies. Upon request, you will be informed of whether or not we obtained a consumer report and, if so, the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that furnished that report. You agree that we may call you, using an automatic telephone dialing system or otherwise, leave you a voice, prerecorded, or artificial voice message, or send you a text, e-mail, or other electronic message for: 1) any purpose related to the inquiry or application that you have started on your visit to this website, or 2) for surveys or research (each a “Communication”). You agree that we may send a Communication to any telephone numbers, including cellular telephone numbers, or email addresses you provided during your visit to this website. You also agree that we may include your personal information in a Communication. You agree that we will not charge you for a Communication, but your service provider may. In addition, you understand and agree that we may always communicate with you in any manner permissible by law that does not require your prior consent. You agree that we may monitor and record telephone calls regarding your inquiry or application to assure the quality of our service or for other reasons.  More information about how we may communicate with and about you, including your right to Opt Out of e-mail at any time, is available in our Privacy Policy. Thank you for trusting in DriveTime to meet your vehicle and financing needs! Back Real People Here to Help DriveTime protects your privacy Verisign YOU'RE PROBABLY ALREADY APPROVED. WE JUST LIKE TO BE DRAMATIC. We're nationwide We continue to grow because we're the best at what we do. More than a car sale. We're here to help you find the perfect vehicle. 5000+ vehicles Hundreds of makes & models. You're sure to find what you need. You're approved! Now just Schedule a visit to get into a DriveTime car today! SCHEDULING YOUR VISIT We're nationwide We continue to grow because we're the best at what we do. More than a car sale. We're here to help you find the perfect vehicle. 5000+ vehicles Hundreds of makes & models. You're sure to find what you need.  Get approved  FIND THE PERFECT VEHICLE BY SEARCHING OUR HUGE SELECTION  Start your search here  Enter your Zip Code or Select Your City/State to Get Started OR City / State  No dealers in zip code. Please choose city/state. <div id="sub-cta" title="View Virtual Dealership Tour"> </div>  [if lt IE 9 ]> <style type="text/css"> .drivetime-summary .home-zip-locator{display: inline-block; left: 301px; position: relative; top: 84px;} .drivetime-summary .home-location-top { background:url(//commondrivetimeprod.blob.core.windows.net/webimages/locate-by-zip.png) no-repeat; background-size:460px 120px; height:120px; width:475px;} </style> <![endif]  105  7,668  500,000+  More information Articles Used Cars Used Cars Online Used Car Dealers Used Vehicles Car Sales No Credit Car Loan Bad Credit Car Loan No Credit Auto Financing Bad Credit Auto Financing Buy Here Pay Here  Find a Car Dealership Locator Search Vehicles Financial Options Apply Now Make a Payment DriveTime Difference DriveCare Package AutoCheck History Report Multi-Point Inspection DriveTime Champ DT Loyalty Program Military Merit SmartWay Vehicles Corporate Info About DriveTime In The News Careers For Our Investors Contact Us Get Connected Contact Us Chat Online Now Join us on Facebook See us on Google+ MyDriveTime.com Login Make Payment Job Assist FAQs &copy; 2013 DriveTime ®. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Used Cars Sitemap Articles Mobile Feedback Call Us Today! 1-888-418-1212 Included services or products such as OneTrue Price and DriveCare will vary depending on dealership location. See dealership for details. [if lt IE 7 ]> <script type='text/javascript' src='/assets/javascripts/lib/vendor/dd_belatedpng.js?v=2013.8.16_11.59.22'></script> <script>DD_belatedPNG.fix("img, .png_bg");</script> <![endif] 