 Skip to main content Boston College Search BC Secondary navigation: A &ndash; Z BCInfo Maps Directories College of Arts and Sciences  Fine Arts Home Left Navigation: 2013 News About Fine Arts Faculty Art History Film Studies Current page: Studio Art Major in Studio Art Minor in Studio Art Fine Arts Courses Foreign Study Additional Programs Learning Goals Facilities Health and Safety Links and Resources Contact Fine Arts Maps and Directions Fine Arts Events Calendar McMullen Museum College of Arts and Sciences Art on the Web Breadcrumb navigation: bc home &gt; schools &gt; cas &gt; finearts &gt; Current page: Studio Art Studio Art at BC boston college fine arts department The Studio Art major is designed both for the student artist and the student interested in art. Courses are offered in painting, drawing, ceramics, photography, filmmaking, and digital technology. These courses are conceived as an integral part of the University curriculum, and the Studio Art major provides a solid basis for continuing work in graduate school and art-related fields such as design, art criticism, teaching, conservation, art therapy, publishing, exhibition design, and advertising. The Studio Art major provides students with an opportunity to develop the techniques, visual sensibility, and historical understanding necessary for working with various materials. An understanding and exploration of the meanings and ideas generated by the things we make, and an awareness of the satisfaction inherent in the process of &quot;the making,&quot; are essential parts of the program. An integral part of the Studio Art major's undergraduate education is the Senior Project. Focused in their area of concentration, Senior Projects are exhibited on campus at the end of the academic year. The minor in Studio Art offers students the opportunity to pursue a course of study in ceramics, painting, drawing, or photography. This curriculum of six courses is designed to encourage an in-depth investigation of one medium, rather than a generalized sampling of many. View Studio Art Courses Students interested in the Studio Art Program can contact: Andrew Tavarelli Major Advisor Devlin 414 617-552-8594 andrew.tavarelli@bc.edu Michael Mulhern Minor Advisor Devlin 428 617-552-4296 michael.mulhern@bc.edu  Updated: March 25, 2013 Maintained by: Fine Arts Department Contact | Feedback | Top of page &copy; 2013 The Trustees of Boston College. Legal 