  Cars Direct New Cars Used Cars How It Works Deals SALE Auto Loans Trade Ins Send Feedback  Sell Cars Laws and Paperwork Sell a Car By Region Tips for Selling Your Car Where to Sell Your Car Featured Stories When is the Best Time to Sell a Car? Information for a Fast Sell Sell a Car: A Contract Template for Legal Paperwork How to Sell a Car on Craigslist: A Step by Step Guide How to Sell a Car in the USA Tips for Selling Your Car How to Sell a Car for Parts: Maximize Your Car's Value May 24, 2013  Sometimes selling a car for parts is more profitable than selling it as a whole. This is obviously true when you want to sell a junked or damaged car that can't be returned to proper running order. But what if a car can still be repaired? In that case, you have to weigh the cost of a restoration against the likely return on your investment. If you can't recoup your money in a sale, it may be wiser -- and easier -- to sell the car for parts, or "pick and pull." Step 1 -- Assess the Condition of the Car and Parts Take the car to a mechanic for an inspection of its powertrain -- when parting out a car, the most value is usually found in the engine, transmission, drive shaft and braking system. Combine this with an assessment of the car's overall condition to determine which parts are good enough to sell, and how much they might be worth. Cash for Your Car! Guaranteed Offer Get Started Step 2 -- Find a Suitable Buyer There are many ways to find a buyer for your vehicle's parts. One of the most popular methods -- and the easiest -- is selling to a salvage lot. You can find one with an online search, or by looking in the phone directory. Give a call and ask how much they can offer for your parts. If you have extra time and interest, you can also research how much the parts will fetch on the individual market. You might advertise parts on websites like craigslist and eBay , though many people find that a listing in their local newspaper's classifieds is sufficient. Step 3 -- Negotiate Once you've found a potential buyer for your parts, be realistic about their value and flexible in your negotiations. This way you'll sell as many parts as possible for a reasonable price. Finally, maximize value by selling what remains for scrap metal.  Related Articles Tips for Selling a Car How to Sell a Used Car for Parts How to Sell a Car for Scrap Metal and Parts: 4 Tips You Can't Ignore 6 Tips on How to Sell a Car with a Bad Transmission The 6 Most Commonly Needed Project Car Parts Comments Related Articles Tips for Selling a Car How to Sell a Used Car for Parts How to Sell a Car for Scrap Metal and Parts: 4 Tips You Can't Ignore 6 Tips on How to Sell a Car with a Bad Transmission The 6 Most Commonly Needed Project Car Parts More Tips for Selling Your Car Articles &raquo; Sell Your Car We can help you sell your car for FREE . 100+ major city zones near you Up to 16 color pictures And More  Latest in Sell Cars When You Buy an Out of State Car, Which State Taxes the Sale? Sell a Car By Region - December 7, 2010 When Buying an Out of State Car, Which State Do You Do the Title Transfer in? Sell a Car By Region - December 7, 2010 Is Selling a Car that You Know won't Meet Emission Check Standards Unlawful? Laws and Paperwork - October 6, 2010 Can a Car Sale Contract be Broken After Signed? Laws and Paperwork - September 21, 2010 Is Selling a Car Considered Taxable Income? Laws and Paperwork - September 21, 2010  Research Cars Read reviews, see photos and more. Select a Make Select a Model Year  Pricing Insider Blog Behind the Scenes Look at the NEW 2013 Jaguar XFR-S Commercial [Video Inside] Toyota Hybrid Sales Dominate California The 2014 Brabus S-Class. Now with 730 Horsepower. Airbag Replacement: Do You Need It? New Cars | Used Cars | How it Works | Car Trade-Ins | Auto Loans | Car Insurance | Sell Used Car Affiliate Program | Advertising Opportunities | Buy Auto Leads | About Us | Contact Us | Need Help? | Mobile | Terms of Use | Privacy | Jobs CARSDIRECT IS AN INTERNET BRANDS COMPANY. COPYRIGHT 1999-2013 CARSDIRECT.COM, INC.  