[if lt IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/shell/960/css/compressed/ie.css" /><![endif] [if lt IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://www.elon.edu/shell/960/css/ie6.css" /><![endif] [if lt IE 8]><style type="text/css">ul.menu li a {display:inline-block;}ul.menu li a {display:block;}br.clear {display:block;}</style><![endif] Skip Navigation Students E-Net Faculty &amp; Staff Calendars E-Mail Tools A-Z Site Index Directory Moodle OnTrack Emergency Maps E-services Space Request Phoenix Card Services Search Site Directory Info Info Home Basic Information About Elon Rankings / recognition Elon's Strategic Plan Giving to Elon Elon Mission Statement Facts / figures University priorities 2013-14 NSSE Sustainability at Elon Employment at Elon Contacting Elon Visit Elon Visit home Directions to campus Elon Law campus Campus maps Admissions visits Area lodging Commencement info Administration Board of Trustees President Provost Student Life Business, Finance and Technology Admissions and Financial Planning University Advancement University Communications Organizational Charts News / Media Info E-Net - Info central News releases For news media Photo galleries Magazine of Elon Student news media Admissions Admissions Home Quick Links Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Request Information Visit Campus Financial Aid Tuition and Fees Apply Now Academics Academics Home Schools Elon College, the College of Arts and Sciences Martha and Spencer Love School of Business School of Communications School of Education School of Health Sciences School of Law Departments &amp; Programs Undergraduate departments Majors, minors, programs General Studies Honors Program Fellows academic and scholarship programs Graduate programs Special initiatives Engaged Learning Study abroad / Study USA Undergraduate research Service learning Internships Leadership Civic Engagement Resources Belk Library Academic catalog Academic calendars Academic Support Registrar Career Services Center for the Advancement of Teaching and Learning Disability Services Campus Life Students home Residence Life home Events Campus calendars Cultural programs Family Weekend Homecoming Commencement Services Campus Shop Career Services Dining Services Moseley Center BioBus Schedule Phoenix Card Services Health Services Counseling Services Health Promotion Campus Safety &amp; Police Campus Programs Office of Student Activities Campus recreation Student media Student organizations Student Government Association Greek Life Multicultural Center New student programs Technology OnTrack Moodle Technology home Help Desk VirtualApps Technology Wiki WebCheckout Equipment Reservations Athletics Athletics Home NCAA Division I Athletics www.elonphoenix.com Ticket information Phoenix Club Recreation Campus Recreation Club Sports Alumni Alumni Home Quick Links Update your information Alumni Association Alumni Chapters Event registration Young Alumni Homecoming Magazine of Elon Parents Parents Home Quick Links Parent guide Important phone numbers Academic Calendar New student orientation Pay tuition online Parents Council Family Weekend Commencement {connect elon} Connect Home Social media Facebook, Twitter and more Interactive services Moodle OnTrack Online Giving Technology Wiki E-link e-mail newsletter Elon Mentor Network Multimedia Elon Mobile E-Net Video Elon on YouTube Images of Elon/Web cams Prospective Students International Students Accepted Students Transfer Students Readmit Students Graduate Students Apply to Elon Applications Deadlines Admissions Requirements AP/IB Policies Class Profile Meet Your Counselor Financial Aid Tuition &amp; Fees Watson &amp; Odyssey Programs Merit-based Programs Talent-based Programs ROTC Engineering Academics Fellows Academic &amp; Scholarship Programs Visit Campus Plan Your Visit Directions to Campus About the Region Lodging &amp; Area Info Campus Map International Visitors Quick Links About Elon Outstanding Alumni Diversity &amp; Global Engagement My Elon Experience Music Auditions Performing Arts Auditions Athletics Questionnaire Club Sports &amp; Intramurals Contact Us Center Access and Success Admissions Home Follow Us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Elon Admissions Blog Destination: Elon The VP's Perspective Media Arts &amp; Entertainment Broadcast media and cinema are the art forms of our time We turn to broadcast media and cinema for information, insight and entertainment. In times of crisis, television becomes our national gathering place. In times of normalcy, broadcast and cinema can make us laugh, cause us to become sentimental or inspire us to get involved in our communities. Media arts and entertainment is a major with two curriculum concentrations. The broadcast and new media concentration emphasizes production, programming and management involving radio, television, cable, Internet, digital video and wireless communications. The cinema concentration emphasizes a narrative structure in communicating fact and fiction through words, sounds, images, actions and music, whether it&rsquo;s a documentary or a work of fiction brought to the screen. Media arts and entertainment majors are prepared to launch creative and meaningful careers in roles such as producers, directors, scriptwriters, cinematographers, video editors, Web editors, and broadcast and cable managers. Our accredited school With 900 students, the School of Communications is home to about 20 percent of Elon&rsquo;s student body. The school&rsquo;s goal is to guide students to think, write and produce meaningful information in this digital and global age. The school&rsquo;s four majors reflect the four purposes of communication in society: journalism (to inform), strategic communications (to persuade), media arts and entertainment (to entertain) and communications science (to discover). Electives are offered in specialty areas such as sports communications, audio recording, photojournalism, and documentary film. Elon is one of 18 private universities in the nation with an accredited communications school, alongside Syracuse, Columbia, Northwestern, Miami, the University of Miami and others. Based on data from an annual national survey conducted by the University of Georgia, our program is ranked ninth-largest among accredited private colleges and universities and the 56rh-largest of 480 programs surveyed nationwide. Outstanding faculty The School of Communications has full-time 47 faculty and staff members, ranging from a Pulitzer Prize recipient who teaches writing courses to nine faculty members who have received teaching awards for excellence in the classroom. Professors combine years of professional experience with a passion for teaching and a commitment to helping students succeed. High-tech facilities Our undergraduate program is housed in the 48,000-square-foot McEwen communications building. Additional teaching and learning spaces are located on the second floor of Powell to support our graduate program in Interactive Media. Our state-of-the-art facilities include six digital media labs equipped with Mac desktop computers and large screen monitors, two television studios with a centralized control room and engineering bay, 18 advanced video editing suites, a 24-track digital HD recording studio and control room, a digital audio production lab, and a high-definition film screening room with 7.2 surround sound. Students have free access to a large inventory of professional HD camcorders, DSLR still cameras, audio recorders, light kits, microphones, tripods, field monitors, camera dollies, stabilizers, grip equipment, and much more. Innovative curriculum Elon&rsquo;s School of Communications is recognized nationally for its deep and innovative curriculum that emphasizes engaged learning and serving the public good. Students take a majority of their coursework in the arts and sciences. Within the major, media arts and entertainment students explore the role of media in society, examine and ethical issues, get hands-on experience in technological convergence, and learn how to write, produce, edit and manage broadcast, cinema and new media. Impressive internships All students in the School of Communications complete one or more professional internships before graduation. The school has a full-time internship director to assist students in securing a quality internship. In recent years, students have been interns at a variety of broadcast and cinema operations in North Carolina and across the nation, including: VH1/MTV, New York Spike TV, New York Canal 11, Managua, Nicaragua Capital Area Asset Building, Washington, D.C. 60 Minutes, New York NBC Nightly News Lionsgate Entertainment, Calif. Abrams Artists Agency, New York JSS Productions, Va. Fox Studios, Calif. Research opportunities Communications students produce undergraduate research of significance, presenting their work at national conferences, United Nations Internet Governance Forums, the Federal Communications Commission, a U.S. Congressional hearing on digital television policy and many other venues. Student media Elon offers many opportunities to participate in student media and organizations, including the Pendulum student newspaper and Pendulum Online , Elon Student Television , WSOE-FM radio station , the Phi Psi Cli university yearbook , the Cinelon student cinema group and the Live Oak Communications student-run agency. In 2009, the Pendulum received a regional first-place award for best all-around non-daily newspaper from the Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ), and two students placed first in regional competition for online commentary and in-depth reporting. Last year, the Pendulum received an American Collegiate Press third-place award for best online package of the year for election coverage. In 2009, the Hearst Foundation named Randy Gyllenhall the best collegiate television journalist in the nation. Three times in five years, the Broadcast Education Association has selected Elon's Phoenix14News as the #1 student newscast in the nation. Program segments produced for a weekly 30-minute sports show that airs on ESPN2 in North Carolina received a first-place award in the television sports reporting category. In addition, Elon has an active chapter of SPJ and top academic students are involved in Lambda Pi Eta, the communications honor society. Special opportunities To get involved right at the start, first-year students can participate in FreshTV, which exposes them in a hands-on way to the wide range of student media opportunities. Later, students can choose to participate in the school&rsquo;s Elon in LA program, a nine-week summer experience in which students take a course and work 30+ hours a week in an internship related to the entertainment industry. Fellows program Students with high academic achievement and media experiences in high school may be selected for the university&rsquo;s Communications Fellows program. Fellows enjoy exclusive first year experiences, plus scholarship assistance and a study abroad grant. Visit the Elon Fellows programs Website for more information. Study abroad More than two-thirds of Elon students participate in study abroad by the time they graduate &ndash; one of the highest percentages in the nation. Communications professors regularly lead study abroad courses to Europe, Asia and Australia; teach in Elon&rsquo;s China program; and have led the university&rsquo;s Costa Rica and London programs. After you graduate Most broadcast and cinema students go directly into communications careers, while some pursue law school or other graduate study. Broadcast and cinema graduates are thriving in careers at such places as: WVIR NBC29, Charlottesville, Va. - General assignment reporter KAMC TV, Lubbock, Texas - Reporter FOX 8 News, High Point, N.C. - Associate producer ESPN / ESPNU, Charlotte, N.C. - Production assistant National Geographic, Washington, D.C. - Post production coordinator CNN, Atlanta, Ga. - Video journalist WPTZ, Burlington, Vt. - Reporter Pinerock (small brand COM company), New York, N.Y. - Assistant to sales department Visit the School of Communications Website. Return to the Admissions majors page. Elon University, Elon, NC 27244 336.278.2000 Emergency Info | Contact | Campus directories | Maps Copyright &copy; Elon University