 [if IE 6]><div class="ie6"><![endif]  My AutoTrader:   Sign in Sign up   Sign in with    Facebook    Error. Try again later.   Save cars, searches & time. Always FREE! [if IE 6]></div><![endif] Find Cars for Sale Car Research Sell Your Car Trade In Your Car Find Local Dealers Loans Insurance Get Prices & Reviews Compare Cars Car Reviews & News Explore by Lifestyle New Cars Certified Cars Used Cars Credit Center  Kia Cross GT Concept: Chicago Auto Show   "Purely conceptual" design study for a large, premium crossover. Unique, honeycomb-pattern panoramic roof and rear-hinged doors. Seamlessly integrated touch-sensitive controls and display. Kia's latest midsize crossover SUV, the 2014 Sorento , shared the brand's 2013 Chicago Auto Show stand with a larger and far wilder crossover, the Kia Cross GT Concept. The 4-passenger vehicle is based on the same platform used for the GT sedan concept that Kia showed at the 2011 LA Auto Show . The all-wheel drive Cross GT is powered by a parallel hybrid system that combines a V6 engine with an electric motor. Kia says the system is good for 400 horsepower, 500 lb-ft torque and a 20-mile all-electric range. Among the Cross GT's unique design elements are rear-hinged "suicide"doors in back, a honeycomb-pattern glass roof, displays and touch controls integrated seamlessly into the dash and extensive use of renewable interior materials. Although Kia calls the Cross GT "purely conceptual," Michael Sprague, Kia Motors America's executive vice president of marketing and communications, indicated that a similar model may eventually reach production. "Our customers are looking to the Kia brand to offer relevant vehicles in the premium segments that take value to new levels of sophistication," said Sprague. "The Cross GT is the next logical step in that evolution. And while only a concept today, it signals one possible design direction we may explore for the future." That design direction is reminiscent of the current Kia Sportage , especially in back. Styling up front seems inspired by the stylish Range Rover Evoque , with narrow headlights. No current crossover, however, sports rear-hinged doors. And the honeycomb pattern of glass roof panels is also exclusive to the Cross GT. Inside, four frameless bucket seats cantilever out from the central tunnel and appear to float above the floorboard. Their leather upholstery is tanned with vegetable oil and colored with natural dyes. Renewable wool and reclaimed wood also dress the interior in environmentally responsible style. In place of a separate display and buttons, the Cross GT uses touch-screen controls that appear right on its smooth, gloss black dash and center stack. There are certainly some features of the Kia Cross GT Concept that are purely conceptual (like the rear-hinged doors). But chances are, if Kia does bring a larger crossover to market, it will bear more than a passing resemblance to this concept vehicle. What it means to you: While just a concept according to Kia, the Cross GT includes some attributes that could make it to production. We'd love to see its hybrid V6 powertrain with all-wheel drive, for one. See all Chicago Auto Show news  Nick Palermo is an automotive writer and lifelong car nut. He follows new and late-model used vehicles for AutoTrader.com, writes about vintage cars for Hemmings Classic Wheels and blogs on all things automotive at LivingVroom. He lives in Atlanta with his wife and twins. Related Articles &amp; Car Reviews  2013 Kia Optima Hybrid EX: Real World Review    What's it like to drive a 2013 Kia Optima Hybrid EX from Los Angeles to Albuqerque and back? Find out in AutoTrader.com's Real World Review.  Read more   2013 Kia Rio: New Car Review Video    2013 Kia Rio New Car Review  Read more   2013 Kia Optima: New Car Review Video    For a family car, the 2013 Kia Optima is hard to beat.  Read more   2013 Kia Soul: New Car Review Video    2013 Kia Soul New Car Review  Read more   2013 Kia Sorento: New Car Review Video    2013 Kia Sorento New Car Review  Read more See all articles and car reviews  Find Cars for sale near you: Make Any Make Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Datsun DeLorean Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Freightliner Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Yugo ZIP Next  Advertisement Research by Vehicle Type   Shopping Tools   Sneak peek the latest cars in the New Model Showcase Build & Price your dream car Find prices, photos and reviews for thousands of cars   Save time and money with the New Car Buying Guide  Browse Cars for Sale Browse Special Offers Search for Car Dealers Browse Car Dealers Sell a Car Help Fraud Awareness Car Research New Cars Used Cars Certified Cars New Car Models Car Model Information AutoTrader.com Mobile About AutoTrader.com Press Room Jobs at AutoTrader.com Contact Us Become an AutoTrader.com Dealer Corporate Information Site Map By using this service, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement . Privacy Statement. AdChoices &copy;2013AutoTrader.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved."AutoTrader.com" is a registered trademark of TPI Holdings, Inc. used under exclusive license.  Become a Fan of AutoTrader.com on Facebook  Follow AutoTrader.com on Twitter  See AutoTrader.com Videos on YouTube  AutoTrader.com on Google+  Search Ignite BEGIN click tracking script version 4.0 A tracking tag provided by 360i http://www.360i.com/ Fires on page load 