   Tuesday, August 27, 2013 NYDailyNews.com / Autos  Follow @nydailynews Jobs Classifieds Contests Reader Offers Home Delivery Services Apps Search Field site web blogs Powered by Yahoo  Daily News America New York Local News  Politics Sports  Showbiz  Opinion  Living  Photos  Video Autos  More of Autos : Buyers Guide Auto Shows Auto Reviews Autos Pics  Autos Refreshed 2014 Chevrolet Camaro to debut at Frankfurt Auto Show The 2014 Chevrolet Camaro will debut at the Frankfurt Auto Show. The refreshed model will have improved aerodynamics, better handling at high speeds, and a redesigned front grille. The new model will be available at the end of the year in both coupe and convertible variants.       NEW YORK DAILY NEWS     Monday, August 26, 2013, 9:39 AM  Print  Print Comment  GM The Chevrolet Camaro convertible, to be debuted in Frankfurt, will be available in select markets at the end of 2013. Related Stories Watch out Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger: 2013 Chevrolet Camaro Hot Wheels Edition wants to rule the muscle car playground From the Mini Coupe to the Honda Civic Si: Six stellar sport coupes for less than $25-grand An instant classic: 2013 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1's style, performance live up to its name Five great convertibles for driving with your top down The Camaro is ready to make its comeback...again. Chevrolet will debut the latest model of the classic Camaro muscle car at the Frankfurt Auto Show. Expected to be offered in either convertible or coupe variants, the new Camaro will be available at the end of 2013. RELATED: TOP 10 CARS TO WATCH FOR AT THE FRANKFURT AUTO SHOW Chevy has enhanced the Camaro's aerodynamics, allowing for a more effective cooling system and improved handling at high speeds. In terms of design, this translates to more fluid lines, a larger hood vent, a new front grill, redesigned rear lights, and a spoiler with a built-in antenna. Its 6.2L V-8 motor is paired with six-speed transmission, available in manual or automatic. The stick shift version offers 432hp, with 0 to 60 mph acceleration in 5.2 seconds for the coupe and 5.4 seconds for the convertible. RELATED: SPOILER ALERT: MERCEDES-BENZ UNVEILS ONE OF ITS FRANKFURT AUTO SHOW DEBUTS Hands-free door locks are available across the board, and Camaros with automatic transmission even allow drivers to start the engine remotely. On the inside, the latest Camaros offer color head-up display and a backup camera for driving assistance, and the coupe can even be ordered with leather Recaro power seats for the ultimate level of comfort and style. Also on board the new Camaro is the Chevrolet MyLink system, embedded in a 7&quot; screen in the center console. The system allows drivers to make phone calls, select music playlists or even view photos by connecting with a phone or tablet, either by Bluetooth or USB. RELATED: TOYOTA'S 400 HP HYBRID-R GREEN CONCEPT TO DEBUT AT FRANKFURT AUTO SHOW AFP/Relaxnews  Search Cars Search New Cars Search Used Cars  Make   Model  Search New Cars   Make   Model  Search Preowned Post a Comment &raquo; Comments See All Comments [ Discussion Guidelines   ] To post your comments, please, Sign in &raquo;   . X Show more comments Ads by Yahoo!  Compare Auto Insurance Editors Picks  Just in time for Labor Day: Top road trip tips  How to take the stress out of summer holiday driving while keeping passengers of all ages entertained. Behind the wheel of the new Corvette Stingray  The Corvette Stingray puts America’s sports car amongst the automotive elite. 2013 Chevrolet Volt review: Plug-in hybrid still not worth the premium price  The Volt, for its many virtues, has lagged in value because it delivers less than its premium price. 2014 Chevrolet SS sports sedan is the muscle car built for families  For a defunct marque, Pontiac is having a legendarily long death rattle. The 2014 Chevrolet SS sports sedan is not the first, but the third reincarnation of the Pontiac G8. Most dependable cars of 2013  Cars are more dependable than ever! Find out which models top their segment for reliability. 2013 Sonata Hybrid solves Hyundai's hybrid problem  The solution to Hyundai's hybrid problem might have arrived. Refreshed 2014 Toyota Highlander finally solves the third row problem  One of the vehicles that made its North American debut at the Javits Center this past spring was the 2014 Toyota Highlander. Girls and cars: Models' sexiest, wackiest automotive moments  There isn't a much better combination than women and cars. Objects of beauty, amazing curves, and stunning power...see the sexiest model-meets-car moments.  Autos Video  $79 Ride in a Ferrari or Lamborghini Imagine whipping around a world-class racing track in one of the world's premier feats of automotive engineering. Take three laps, starting at just $79. BUY NOW 72% Off  Most Popular Most Read Most Shared 1 Just in time for Labor Day: Road trip rides perfect for every scenario 2 Nissan Versa Note offers max storage at minimal price 3 Get that fare meter ready! The Nissan NV200 Taxi is almost here 4 2014 Honda Odyssey is the world's first minivan that sucks on purpose 5 2014 Range Rover Sport loses 900 pounds, finally looks sporty 6 Behind the wheel of the new Corvette Stingray 7 2014 Cadillac XTS Vsport test drive: Distilled performance without a bitter aftertaste 8 Camaro comes back: 2014 Chevrolet Camaro to debut at Frankfurt Auto Show 9 For sale: 1958 Chevrolet pick-up truck, with 1 mile on the odometer! 10 This sunny eco-car makes the Toyota Prius seem like a fuel-guzzler  1 Look Ma, no hands! Your next car might drive itself 2 Nissan Versa Note offers max storage at minimal price 3 The BMW M6 is a power player, though you’ll need to read the rulebook to get the most out of it 4 2014 Honda Odyssey is the world's first minivan that sucks on purpose 5 2014 Cadillac XTS Vsport test drive: Distilled performance without a bitter aftertaste 6 Behind the wheel of the new Corvette Stingray 7 Get that fare meter ready! The Nissan NV200 Taxi is almost here 8 This sunny eco-car makes the Toyota Prius seem like a fuel-guzzler 9 Just in time for Labor Day: Road trip rides perfect for every scenario 10 New Year’s Day most popular car theft day  Compare Before You Buy New Autos Luxury Cheap Family Muscle Electric Sport Top Rated Fuel Efficient Hybrid Diesel Convertible Minivan / Van SUV Sedan Wagon Coupe Pickup Truck Fast Hatchback  Autos Galleries  BMW displays its past, present, and future  Vintage auto show girls  Girls and cars: Models' sexiest, wackiest automotive moments  Most expensive Ferraris ever sold at auction  Rare shots of Elvis Presley's many cars revealed   Latest Reviews  2014 Range Rover Sport loses 900 pounds, finally looks sporty  The BMW M6 is a power player, though you’ll need to read the rulebook to get the most out of it  2014 Honda Odyssey is the world's first minivan that sucks on purpose  2014 Cadillac XTS Vsport test drive: Distilled performance without a bitter aftertaste  Behind the wheel of the new Corvette Stingray  Boxy 2014 Ford Flex is the last frontier in a post-minivan void  Test drive: 2013 Honda Accord Sport  At around $65,000, the Maserati Ghilbi offers a value for ultra-premium drivers  2013 Volkswagen Tiguan lets U.S. drivers try Top Gear's 'best car in the world'  Forget the minivan! 2013 Chevrolet Traverse fits more for less   Media Kit Autos Home Delivery Newsletters Businesses Place an Ad About our Ads Contact Us FAQ's Feeds Site Map  Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .  &#169; Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.  