 Car Paint Repair Step-by-Step Car Paint Repair Guide: Everything you need to know about car spray painting, scratch repair and paint touch-up. Home About Us Tutorials Articles Contact Us . Car Paint Repair Tutorials How to repair deep car scratches for only $50 How to Touch Up Bumper Scratches How to Repair Peeling Car Paint Spray Paint Car Bumper Yourself DIY: How to Repair Car Dent How to Repair Peeling Car Paint on Lexus IS How to repair minor paint scratches How to repair clear coat scratch Residue and scuff marks reapair How to repair a deep paint scratch Repairing a deep scratch on Passat How to repair deep scratch on Prius Remove Deep Clear Coat Scratches for Only $20 How to Remove Clear Coat Scratches in Just 15 Min How to repair deep scratch on RAV4 How to repair deep scratch on Camry Do-It-Yourself Car Paint Repair - Part 1 Do-It-Yourself Car Paint Repair - Part 2 About This Site Thanks for visiting my site. Here you'll find latest information about car paint repair products and techniques. Let me know if you have any questions or comments. More about me» ~ Mike Davis Car Paint Repair Car Paint Repair Overview Car Paint Repair Tutorials Car Paint Repair Articles Car Paint Repair Q&amp;A Latest Car Paint Repair Posts What Sandpaper Grit to Use for Car Sanding How Much Does It Cost To Fix Car Paint? What Is The Difference Between Car Wax &#038; Paint Sealant 7 Easy Ways to Remove Sap From Your Car How To Remove Bird Droppings and Bugs From Your Car Car Paint Repair  If you need to do a car paint repair and don&#8217;t know where to start, you are in the right place. Here you will find step-by-step instructions on how to repair all kind of paint scratches and chips. I will also tell you what tools and products you need to make your car look like new again. We all know that a small scratch can detract from a beautiful paint job, just as much as a bigger scratch. Paint scratches and dents are inevitable over the course of life of a car. Even if you bought a brand new vehicle and took good care of it, after a while it will get scratched from road debris, branches or little stones from the gravel driveway. If you’ve noticed new scratches or chips on your car, it is recommended to fix them right away. After some time, depending on how deep the scratch is, rust can set in, causing permanent damage. Step-By-Step Tutorials How to Repair Deep Car Scratches For Only $50 Taking your car to a body shop to repair deep paint scratches can cost anywhere from $500 &#8211; $1,000. Many people don&#8217;t know that this expensive repair can be done at home with very little time and money. Read more» How to Touch Up Deep Bumper Scratches with Spray Paint In this post I will show you how to repair deep bumper scratches on Porsche Cayenne. As you can see from the photo above, scratches went through the clear coat layers and paint layers, but didn’t damage the primer. Read more» How to Repair Peeling Car Paint on Ford This red Ford had a peeling paint on the spoiler. It was originally painted by a bodyshop which didn’t do a very good job, but did charge hundreds of dollars for it. Read more» Save Over $300 by Spray Painting Car Bumper Yourself In this post, I will show you how to spray paint a plastic bumper that was improperly painted by a local bodyshop. After paying hundreds of dollars to a bodyshop, you would think that the paint job would last. But it is not always the case. Not all bodyshops know what they are doing. Read more» DIY: How to Repair Car Dent with Body Filler This car had a small dent on the side. To repair something like this, will cost you hundreds of dollars at the bodyshop. Who has extra money in this economy? In this post, I will tell you how to do the same repair for a fraction of the cost. Read more» How to Repair Peeling Car Paint on Lexus IS This Lexus IS had a peeling paint on the spoiler. The spoiler was painted before, but incorrect products or process was used resulting in a car paint peeling. The reason is that some of the layers lost adhesion with the surface under it. Read more» How to Repair Deep Car Paint Scratch Here are easy to follow step-by-step instructions and expert tips on how to repair deep paint scratches and chips without spending a fortune. Read more» Repair Minor Car Paint Scratches and Chips With Touch Up Pen Minor car paint scratches and chips are very easy to repair. These scratches damage the paint layer leaving primer layer intact. Usually, these damages are caused by road debris, branches, or little stones from the driveway. Read more» How to Remove Clear Coat Scratches in Just 15 Minutes In this post I will show you how to remove a long deep clear coat starch from Toyota Tacoma. This kid of damage can be easily fixed by using sandpaper and rubbing compound. This will work only if paint is not damaged. If you can see a primer, the scratch is too deep and needs to be touched up with paint. Read more» How to Repair Deep Car Scratches on Toyota RAV4 In this tutorial I&#8217;ll show you how to repair a deep scratch on the front bumper of Toyota RAV4. As you can see from the picture, the damage was on the right side of the bumper and on the panel above the right front tire. These scratches went through the clear coat, paint layer and primer. Read more» How to Repair Deep Car Scratches on Toyota Prius Taking your car to the body shop to repair a few scratches can be very costly. Usually, to fix a medium size scratch will run anywhere from $400 &#8211; $1,000. In this economy, not many people have extra cash laying around. Read more» How to Repair Bumper Crack on Volkwagen Passat Today, I will tell you how to repair a big bumper crack. As you can see from the picture, the damage to this Volkswagen Passat was very extensive. The crack in the front bumper was about 2 inches long. Read more» How to Remove Residue and Scuff Marks Some scratches are just marks raised above the paint that are left by another object. If the object that rubbed against your car is softer than the car’s paint, it will deposit material on the paint’s surface. Read more» DIY: Remove Deep Clear Coat Scratches for Only $20 The scratch on this blue Volkswagen Passat was long and deep. Bodyshop wanted to charge the owner $450 for removing it. That is a lot of money for removing a clear coat scratch. In this post, I will show you how you can remove this scratch for only $20. Read more» How to Fix Bumper Holes and Peeling Paint on Toyota Camry Here is a step-by-step process of repairing bumper holes and peeling paint on Toyota Camry. It had a few very deep scratches on the front bumper below the right light, two holes from a license plate and a peeling paint on the back bumper. Read more» Quick Way to Remove Clear Coat Scratches from Mercedes It is not surprising that license plates can cut into the clear coat and leave nasty deep scratches. That is what happened to this white Mercedes Benz. After the owner have removed the license plate, he saw deep clear coat scratches. Read more» Secrets Of The Experts: How to Remove Car Key Scratches Fast This Hyundai had deep clear coat scratches. The owner of the car was very upset when he saw it after coming back from the mall. I looked like someone scratched the car with a key. Bodyshops told the owner it would cost anywhere from $250 to $450 to remove and they would keep the car for one day. Read more» Remove Deep Clear Coat Scratch in 5 Easy Steps As you can see from the picture above, this black Cadillac CTS had a deep clear coat scratch. Bodyshops would charge you anywhere from $300 -$500 to remove it and you would be without a car for a few days. In this post I will show you how to remove this scratch in 5 easy steps. Read more» Car Paint Repair: How to Repair Clear Coat Scratch Most car scratches only go into the clear coat, but don&#8217;t gouge into the paint layer. These kind pf scratches can be caused by bushes, tree branches, keys and fingernails around the door handle, by drive-through car wash and etc. Light clear coat scratches can be easy fixed with some good quality rubbing compound. Read more» Articles and Tips What Sandpaper Grit to Use for Car Sanding “What sandpaper grit should I use?” is one of the most popular questions on every auto forum. It is important to choosing the right sandpaper grit for each task to avoid paint damage. There are a lot of different contradictory information online that can be very confusing and overwhelming especially for beginners who have never done any repair projects before. Read more» How Much Does It Cost To Fix Car Paint? The cost of the car paint repair mainly depends on the severity of the damage. For each type of damage there is a different repair method and as a result the price can differ. Although it is pretty difficult to give an estimate without seeing the damage, in this post I want to give you a rough idea of how much you can be in for. Read more» What Is The Difference Between Car Wax &amp; Paint Sealant I&#8217;ve seen a lot of discussions about car wax vs paint sealant. Everybody wants to know what&#8217;s the difference between the two? Which product offers better protection? What should you use? Read more» 7 Easy Ways to Remove Sap From Your Car Parking under the trees might result in drops of sap all over your car. Tree sap, just like toxic bird poop, will eat through the layers of paint if left on the vehicle. The sun can make things even worse. It warms up the surface and expends paint allowing for the sap to get in. Read more» How To Remove Bird Droppings and Bugs From Your Car Although bird droppings and smashed highway bugs might not seam like a big deal, it can do a serious damage to the paint of the car costing hundreds of dollars in repairs. Because bugs and bird poop has a lot of acid in it, the longer it sits on the surface of the vehicle the deeper it eats through the finish. Read more» Why Microfiber Is The Best Material For Auto Detailing Lately, there have been a lot of conversations about microfiber and you are probably wondering what the buzz is all about. When detailing a car, many materials leave lint and swirl marks that is hard to remove without scratching the surface. Read more» How to Apply Body Filler and Spot Putty These days cars are made with thinner materials than in the past and as result, even a slight impact can cause a damage to the body. Auto body filler is used to fill holes, dents and deep scratches in the body of the vehicle. Very often body filler is referred to as Bondo, which is really a product brand name manufactured by 3M. Read more» Where to Find Car Paint Color Code It is important to find car paint color code before ordering a touch up paint. Some people think they can just look at their car and guess the color. Big mistake! Even if the colors seam the same, they might be in fact different. Read more» Car Paint Touch-Up Car paint touch-up is an inexpensive and easy way to fix paint scratches and chips. We all try to keep our car looking shiny and new as long as we can after driving it off the dealership lot. But over time, those ugly scratches just keep adding up. Read more» Car Touch-Up Paint Types When it comes to car touch-up paint, there are multiple options available for every type of damage. Small chips and scratches can be easily fixed with touch-up pens. Long and medium size scratches can be brushed with paint. Large areas can be fixed by using spray cans. Read more» What is the Best Car Scratch Remover? Car scratch remover, also called rubbing compound, is used to remove minor car scratches, oxidation, stains, water spots and general neglect. Repainting a car takes a lot of time and money that many car owners don’t want to spend. Rubbing compound is an inexpensive and a fast way to remove minor scratches and oxidation without the hassle of a full paint job.  Read more» New Car Scratch Remover – FixIt Pro. Does It Work? There are a lot of different car scratch removers on today’s market that claim to fix scratches in no time. But do they really work? One of the new car scratch removers that was recently introduced is FixIt Pro. The first time I heard about FixIt Pro was from a TV commercial. Read more» Best and Worst Car Scratch Removers There is a lot of car scratch removers on today’s market that claim to fix even the deepest scratches, but do they really work? I decided to do a little research on my own and test most popular scratch removers. Since my car is in a very good condition, I had to use every car in my family.  Read more» Most Common Car Paint Repair Q&amp;A 72F with 50% humidity is the best weather for car painting. Avoid painting in direct sun and in the windy conditions. Temperatures above 80F and below 55F can compromise your paint job. Since all areas have different weather, try to get to the recommended conditions as close as you can. Read more» Top 10 Car Paint Repair Mistakes 1. Not removing dirt and wax before paint touch-up. Applying touch up paint on top of a dirty surface will prevent it from adhering properly. First, you need to wash it with water and some dish soap. Next, follow it up with prep solvent.  Read more» Filed under&#58; Comments Off  Home About Us Contact Us Links Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions The Complete Do-It-Yourself Car Paint Repair Guide: Everything you need to know about car spray painting, scratch repair and paint touch-up.  Copyright &#169; 2010 - 2012 Car Paint Repair - All Rights Reserved. 