 Arts and Entertainment in the Poconos This entertainment guide can direct you to the local Poconos nightlife, movie theaters, playhouses, performing arts centers and has a calendar of events You are here Home â&euro;ş Poconos Entertainment Guide Poconos Entertainment Guide This local entertainment guide for the Poconos is divided into several sections to help you find a venue that matches what you&#39;re looking for and help show you what&#39;s available in the area. You&#39;ll find concerts, local nightclubs and hot-spots, movie theaters, performing arts venues, theater and playhouses, and many other establishments offering a full range of entertainment to take in while visiting the Poconos. Poconos Entertainment Guide Calendar of Events - Calendar for performances, concerts and other special events in the Poconos. Concerts - Detailed descriptions of upcoming concerts in the Poconos. Movie Theaters Movie Theaters - List of all the movie theaters and cinemas in the Poconos - including those smaller theaters that offer foreign and classic films. Nightlife Nightlife in the Poconos - List of local nightclubs and other evening hot spots. Theater and Performing Arts - Guide to the Performing Arts and other production oriented venues including playhouses and theaters. Poconos Entertainment Venues For all you jazz lovers, make your way over to the Deer Head Inn . These year-round and seasonal theater and performing arts shows and productions are particularly noteworthy. Professional theater companies, productions at private resorts and public centers, and programs offered in conjunction with University Performing Arts Programs are listed below for your review Performing Arts Center Marywood University 570-348-6268 Pocono Playhouse Playhouse Lane Mountainhome, PA 570-595-7456 Providence Playhouse 1256 Providence Road Scranton, PA 570-342-9707 Shawnee Playhouse 1-800-SHAWNEE FM Kirby Center for the Performing Arts Public Square Wilkes-Barre 570-826-1100 Sunflower Hill Productions, Inc. 101 Route 209 Milford, PA 18337 507-296-2033 Sunflower Hill Productions produces a performing arts festival every summer. Additional performances throughout the year are also very popular. Some of these performances are conducted out of area, including performances at &quot;The Met&quot;. Calendar of Events Calendar of Events - Use this Calendar of Events of the Poconos to find local things going on. List includes such venues as food and wine tastings, concerts, shows and performances as well as seasonal productions and events. Outdoor events also included. - [more] Concerts Concerts - Guide to Concerts and music venues in the Poconos. Includes many locations and clubs that have regular performances and bands that perform on an on-going basis. Guide to Jazz clubs and Country oriented music. - [more] Movie Theaters Movie Theaters - Local guide to the movie theaters in the four counties of the Poconos - Carbon, Pike, Monroe and Wayne Counties. includes links to local showtimes. Several theaters offer classic film showings and are off the radar of mainstream showings. - [more] Nightlife Nightlife - Guide to local nightlife - many of the establishments, restaurants, resorts and bars that offer evening entertainment on a regular basis. From piano bars and jazz clubs to brew pubs that offer a wide range of music and entertainment. - [more] Theatre and Performing Arts Theatre and Performing Arts - Guide to local performances and theatrical presentations held at many of the local theaters and playhouses. View upcoming events and performances, links to websites and ticketing information. - [more] Related Poconos Entertainment Resources Where &amp; When - Pennsylvania&#39;s Travel Guide Rating: Select rating Give it 1/5 Give it 2/5 Give it 3/5 Give it 4/5 Give it 5/5 No votes yet Add a New Comment Your name Subject Comment * Vacation Guides... Romantic Getaways Honeymoon Vacations Weddings Family Vacations Business Travel Lodging Guide Home Where to Stay... Accommodations Guide Resorts Hotels Motels Cottages Country Inns Bed &amp; Breakfasts Vacation Rentals Campgrounds Cove Poconos Resorts Tips on Making Reservations Things to See &amp; Do Recreation Attractions Entertainment Food &amp; Wine Shopping Vacation Essentials Vacation Info Getting Here Getting Around Tours Visitor Centers Free Guide Scenic Drives Maps Weather History Demographics Free Visitors Guide Recreation Guide Recreation Guide Golfing &amp; Golf Courses Whitewater Rafting Canoe &amp; Kayak Hiking &amp; Nature Trails Fishing Mountain Biking Paintball ATV &amp; Motocross Horseback Riding Eagle Watch Bowling Parks &amp; Recreation Areas Boating Water Ski &amp; Jet Ski Skateboarding Inline Skating Tennis Attractions Guide Attractions Guide Water Parks Fairs &amp; Festivals Fun Centers Historic Sites Mini Golf Museums Zoos &amp; Animal Parks Entertainment Guide Entertainment Guide Concerts Movie Theaters Nightlife Performing Arts Food &amp; Wine Food &amp; Wine Guide Restaurants Wine &amp; Wineries Breweries Farms &amp; Markets Shopping Guide Shopping Guide Outlets &amp; Malls Antiques Country Stores Crafts &amp; Collectibles Specialty Shops Real Estate Guide Real Estate Guide Agents &amp; Brokers Home Builders Annual Rentals Apartments Investments Time Share Property &copy; 1998-2013 1010 Vacations, Inc. All Rights Reserved 