 Skip to main content  Home - Boston Herald - bostonherald.com RSS Subscribe Extras Crossword Lottery  Home News &amp; Opinion Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists Opinion National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Sports Red Sox &amp; MLB Patriots &amp; NFL Celtics &amp; NBA Bruins &amp; NHL College Columnists Revolution &amp; Soccer Golf High School Other Business Business &amp; Markets Real Estate Media &amp; Marketing Technology Healthcare Automotive Entertainment Arts &amp; Culture Movies Television Music Food &amp; Dining Health &amp; Fitness Travel Lifestyle Style &amp; Fashion Books Inside Track Celebrity News The Inside Track Blogs Photos Video Radio Obituaries Features Classifieds Carfind Homefind Jobfind Business Directory Extras Arts &amp; Culture Movies Television Music Food &amp; Dining Health &amp; Fitness Travel Lifestyle Style &amp; Fashion Books Log In | Register  Tuesday, August 27, 2013 - Updated 03:52 PM 74° F Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Follow the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ Listen Live Sports Town Search   You are here Home » Entertainment » Arts &amp; Culture From Costello, ‘Words’ of wisdom, humor, tragedy From Costello, ‘Words’ of wisdom, humor, tragedy 9c9193_18cost1.jpg Sue Costello performs in ‘Minus 32 Million Words’ at Boston Center for the Arts’ Plaza Black Box through April 3.  1 Thursday, March 18, 2010 Print Email By: Jenna Scherer “Laugh or you’ll die.” That’s Sue Costello’s motto. If you see “Minus 32 Million Words,” you’ll know that she means it literally. Costello, a Dorchester native, doesn’t initiate you gently into her one-woman show. She digs right into her autobiography, starting as an eighth grader mouthing off to a priest in Savin Hill and winding up a grown woman mouthing off to a therapist in Los Angeles. She’s got plenty to be upset about. Costello’s childhood was marked by death, violence and despair, her adult years by people taking advantage of her. Yet even in the darkest of circumstances the performer/comedian finds humor. She sees a way to laugh about the thing that’s sitting on top of her and breaking her bones. “Minus 32 Million Words” isn’t a light piece, but it is both funny and a testament to the adaptability of the human spirit. The title refers to a statistic Costello read in the newspaper : During childhood, poor kids hear 32 million fewer words than those with wealthy backgrounds. As the daughter of a poor, Irish Catholic family, Costello was conditioned to fear knowledge rather than to seek it. As a kid with an abusive dad, a lazy eye and a propensity to ask too many questions (Costello’s mom dubbed it “diarrhea of the mouth”), things didn’t come easily for her. As Costello grew up, she watched her friends die, go to prison or have their lives shattered in some way or other. She learned to fight, booze and intimidate her way through all the chaos. Skinny and 5 feet, 3 inches though she may be, Costello is anything but delicate. Costello relates her struggles through a series of one-way conversations - with her priest, her family, her friends and eventually her therapists. “Words” is the flipside of Costello’s stand-up act about her life - too brutal and frank to be as disposable as a night of jokes. As a performer, Costello is energetic and fearless. She isn’t afraid to channel her inner 13-year-old, burst into tears or shout to the rooftops. It’s no wonder “Words” begins in a confession booth - this is the life story everyone from her psychologists to the producers of her ill-fated Fox sitcom tried to get her to curtail. “Words” is long and at times indulgent, but it’s powerful, thanks to Costello’s frank charisma and her ability to mingle humor with tragedy. Having started out in New York, it’s fitting to see this piece - and Costello herself - arrive home at last in Boston. “MINUS 32 MILLION WORDS” at Boston Center for the Arts’ Plaza Black Box, Tuesday night. Through April 3.  More On: Author(s): Jenna Scherer   Join The Conversation View Comments (0) | Add a Comment   Top Stories in Entertainment Sections: Movie News All for One: British  boy band shows private side in documentary By: Stephen Schaefer  NEW YORK — Outside the Four Seasons ­Hotel hundreds of girls swarmed behind metal barr 0 Comments  This spud’s for you: Hot spots cook up fancy fries Franz Ferdinand, Black Joe Lewis do it ‘Right’ Why twerking is already over: A countdown   News &amp; Opinion Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists Opinion National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Sports Red Sox &amp; MLB Patriots &amp; NFL Celtics &amp; NBA Bruins &amp; NHL College Revolution &amp; Soccer Golf Columnists High School Entertainment Arts &amp; Culture Movies Music Food &amp; Dining Health &amp; Fitness Travel Lifestyle Style &amp; Fashion Books Television The Inside Track Celebrity News Business Real Estate Media &amp; Marketing Automotive Business &amp; Markets About The Herald Send a News Tip Contact Us Google+ Twitter Facebook Classifieds Boston Business Directory Carfind Homefind Jobfind Extras Home Delivery Horoscope Lottery Contest Corner Crossword Weather $ave on Boston Herald Home Delivery Jobs with Herald Media For back copy and collectible issue information please call 617-619-6265. Click here for Celtics, Patriots and Red Sox, and Bruins back copies &copy; Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media. No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment  