 Facts About Germany Germany Maps Germany Political Map Germany Physical Map Germany Blank Map Germany Outline Map Germany Location Map Germany Regional Map Germany Agriculture Map Germany Airport Map Germany Rail Map Germany Road Map Germany Travel Map Discover Germany Land and People Government and Politics Economy and Business Society and Culture Germany Travel Education in Germany Arts and Entertainment Products & Services GIS Services MyCustom Map Location Locator Solutions Publishing Solutions Online Advertising  Home > Germany Arts and Entertainment Germany Arts and Entertainment  In spite of the conflicts, power struggles, revolutions and above all the two great World Wars that Germany witnessed, the sensitivity of the “German” character emerged quite naturally in its art forms, paintings, architecture, sculpture, etc. The boldness and pride of the country is visible in its structural massiveness, solidity and forceful physical presence. On the contrary, Germany's love for life and nature, its spirit of survival and its unique consciousness is evident in its paintings and sculptures. Germany's art and architecture may be regarded as an uninhibited expression of emotion and resonance of its inner feelings. Germany- Architecture : Architecture in Germany has been highly acclaimed throughout the world. Architectural styles in Germany have been greatly influenced by and have in turn influenced the architecture of other European countries. Distinct ancient German architectural patterns began to appear from around 800 AD under the influence of Carolingian art . The palace of Aachen , works of Mainz goldsmith and the Church of St. Michel are unique examples of this art and present decorative patterns on doors, walls and ceilings. After this period one finds some minor influence of Romanesque art, developed simultaneously with the Gothic style, which gained more prominence and popularity. The cathedrals and churches of Munich and Cologne are one of the best demonstrations of Gothic style. The most striking aspects of Gothic cathedrals are the impressive &quot;verticals&quot; of the buildings, the brightness of the interiors, and the brilliance of the stained glass that cover the massive windows. The Bauhaus movement in the 20 th century and its philosophies of &quot;Neue Sachlichkeit&quot; (&quot;New Objectivity&quot;) and functionalism introduced new changes in architecture in Germany. Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Walter Gropius, Le Corbusier, Bruno Taut and Erich Mendelsohn are some of the famous Bauhaus who influenced international modern architecture. Modern German architecture has attempted to fuse together the links of its historic past with its modern technological advancements. The capital city of Berlin, which has undergone a lot of renovation, may be seen as an exquisite example of Germany's architectural future. British architect, Sir Norman Foster converted the former Reichstag into the new German parliament , putting a glass cupola on top to serve as a new hallmark of the German capital . Renzo Piano, Richard Rogers, Rafael Moneo and former Mies -student Helmut Jahn have given Potsdamer Platz its new shape. German architects like Stephan Braunfels, von Gerkan Marg and Partners, Hans Kollhoff, Josef Paul Kleihues, Axel Schultes and Charlotte Frank have also made their contributions to German architecture . Sophisticated construction approaches, advanced technology and proper utilization of raw material have made even modern Germany an architectural delight. German Art : D&uuml;rer and Beuys, Cranach and Nolde, Caspar David Friedrich and Neo Rauch , are some of the most honoured and famous names in the field of German fine arts. Germany enjoys a special place in the international world of arts due the originality and depth in the works of its painters. The range of German art varying from the Old Masters , the Impressionists and Expressionists to stalwarts of modern and post-modern art , gives the country a distinct and unparalled plarform. German artists have showed various shades of life in the cities as also in the rural districts. Inspiration derived from natural settings gives the work of painters, draughtsmen and sculptors, a splendid charm and freshness. Extraordinary forms of representations occur in many places in connection with the avant-garde engagement of numerous patrons. Even in the 19th century, Germany has played an important role in the world of modern art. Impressionists like Max Liebermann and expressionists like Nolde and Beckmann or Dadaist Max Ernst have paved the way for considerable experiment in contemporary art. Old masters from Germany decisively influenced the entire European history of art. They have created masterpieces of incomparable beauty and realism. One can still feel the magic of the artistry of Albrecht D&uuml;rer, Lucas Cranach and Caspar David Friedrich in Germany's churches, castles and museums. German Crafts : Germany is famous for its varied craft items, all of which make excellent items to be bought for household decorations or to be given as gifts. It is particularly known for its year-round Christmas shops. One of the most famous Christmas shops is that of K&auml;the Wohlfahrt's, located in the medieval, walled city of Rothenburg. Here one can find beautiful clocks, music boxes, nutcrackers, beer steins, woodcarvings, figurines, tree ornaments, gift-wrappings, cards and many more things. Some other famous craft centers are located at the Crystal Road and the Porcelain Road, each having a number of shops selling traditional German crafts. The most popular German craft item found here are Hummel figurines . They were started by the German nun , Maria Innocentia Hummel as paintings of children, which later became popularized as figurines by porcelain company owner, Franz Goebel. They can be bought at the Goebel Factory. Another important craft item, for which Germans are famous, is Solingen knives, often referred to as the best cutlery in the world. Handcrafted clocks are quite popular and are easily found at numerous craft shops. Fine glass sculptures and dinnerware are also sold in many shops, particularly in Zwiesel. German Movies : Unfortunately, most Germans today dislike watching German movies and so we find the uncompetitive dominance of Hollywood films. An analysis of top movies running in German theatres reveals that about 80 to 90 percent of these are Hollywood films. Very rarely does one find a German film breaking this rule. However, movies like the German western comedy ‘ Der Schuh des Manitu ' released in 2001 have sometimes broken box-office records across Germany but have failed to fare well in the foreign markets. Due to such conditions, German directors like Wolfgang Petersen and Roland Emmerich , who first made it big in their homeland, soon started working full-time in Hollywood. In fact, it is now easier to view German movies at film festivals in places like London, Hong Kong, Paris, Montreal, Toronto, Chicago, New York, San Francisco , etc. instead of in Germany itself. Earlier, Germany had been one of the pioneer countries in the history of motion pictures. In the early days of filmmaking, Germany was considered as Hollywood's biggest worldwide competitor. It was only after the world wars and the advent of sound that Babelsberg studio (near Berlin) and Geiselgasteig studio (Munich), Germany's two &quot;Hollywoods,&quot; began to take a backseat to America 's Hollywood. Particularly in the classic silent era of the 1920s, German films enjoyed worldwide recognition and respect. But since World War II , German movies have been overshadowed by French, Italian and Japanese cinema . The future of German cinema now belongs to a new generation of filmmakers with names like Tykwer and Nettelbeck who have to their credit movies like ‘ Run Lola Run ' and ‘Bella Martha', respectively. For more information on the Germany Arts and Entertainment log on the following pages. Germany Arts and Entertainment German Architecture Germany Museums German Movies German Music German Literature German Language English German Dictionary German Books German Authors German Newspaper   