 Wichita Kansas, tourism, arts, entertainment, dance, music,movies, theatre, concerts, theaters, adult entertainment, comedy  HOME SPORTS SINGLES COMMUNITY SHOPPING HOTELS  Wichita Arts, Leisure &amp; Entertainment Wichita has a vibrant cultural scene Wichita can stand with any city of comparable size - indeed with many far larger cities - in the number and quality of its cultural and entertainment options. With about 200 arts organizations in Wichita, you're sure to find something to suit you.  Attractions So you are coming to Wichita and you want to know some of the sights to visit. Here is a good list of Wichita's top tourist attractions to get you started. Top Attractions Points of Interest Regional Attractions Spectator Sports Dining From casual fare to gourmet cooking, Wichita offers an array of appetizing dining for those with the urge to indulge. Whether your taste buds prefer sophisticated cuisine paired with art deco decor, variations on a theme at mom-and-pop burger bistros, or ethnic meals served in cafes awash in authentic flavor, it's all here. The unique and distinctive culinary style of the region tempts discerning palates. Barbecue aficionados have plenty to choose from in a city that knows how to do smoked ribs right. Warehouses built more than a century ago now house trendy eateries in the picturesque Old Town district. Wichita's landmark caf&eacute;s with dining reminiscent of the '30s and '40s are still popular today. Restaurant Guide Shopping Whether you are a practical, "in and out" shopper or one who's favorite pastime is browsing and finding treasures, you'll be at no loss for opportunities in Wichita. From whimsical collectables and exotic finds to the off-the-shelf convenience of discount and department stores, the greater metropolitan area offers an abundance of shopping venues. Shopping Centers Classified Ads Wichita Merchants Online Shopping Mall Classic Film Reviews and DVD Recommendations by Wichita Film Historian, John Kelso What's Showing at the Movies Arts &amp; Culture Wichita Kansas has a rich cultural community with art, music, dance and theatre. From serious drama and symphony concerts to barbershop quartets and kids stage shows, Wichita offers a wide variety of cultural experiences for you to enjoy. Live theatre is available the year around for people with eclectic tastes, as well as a full complement of other night-out entertainment and fine arts. Classical Music &amp; Dance Popular Music &amp; Concerts Special Events Museums Art Galleries Theatre Singles and Dating Are you looking for that special person to enjoy the Wichita nightlife? Wichita Singles Connection Wichita Bars and Nightclubs  Where to stay in Wichita Kansas Here's the information you need to help you find your way around Wichita and to make your stay in Wichita more comfortable. Wichita Hotel Reservations Public Transportation Car Rentals Wichita City Maps Featured Wichita Hotel Courtyard by Marriott Wichita East The hotel designed by business travelers, Courtyard surrounds you with all the conveniences that make business and pleasure travel easy. Overview | Rates | Map | Book it now!  More about Wichita Kansas Non-Profit Organizations Social Services Professional Organizations Education Dining Out Wichita Business Computers &amp; Internet Business Directory Wichita Parks Financial Services Government Wichita Area Media Other Kansas Links Sports Golf Courses Health Care Wichita Broadband Services Churches Employment Wichita Real Estate  Web WichitaLinks.com  News &amp; Weather Wichita News Blog Planning Your Wedding  Wichita Business Directory  Submit Your Site Link to Us Advertise With Us AboutUs ContactUs Privacy  Copyright &copy; 2011 &middot; Cyberguide to Wichita &middot; All rights reserved. Photographs on this web site may not be reproduced or copied without express permission Web Hosting and Design by Data Synthesis You may also be interested in visiting: HotHotelReservations.com &middot; Wichita Cyberguide 