   what-s-on/arts-entertainment/books-literature News Sport What's On Jobs Directory Announcements Deals Dating Buy A Photo More About Us E-Mags E-Paper  Login Register Log out Log out Why Register? Why register? Close X If you have already registered Log in Forgot your password? click here If you have not signed up previously Register now It's free and only takes a minute! Benefits to registering with us Comment on stories Customise daily e-mail newsletters Arrange your newspaper/digital subscriptions online Offers, promotions and deals from partners Sponsored by 27/08/13 11&deg;C to 20&deg;C Cloudy Limerick 5-day weather forecast Close X Wednesday 28 Aug Sunny spells Temp High 19&deg;c Low 14&deg;c Wind From South west Speed 13 mph Thursday 29 Aug Cloudy Temp High 18&deg;c Low 12&deg;c Wind From West Speed 14 mph Friday 30 Aug Cloudy Temp High 18&deg;c Low 12&deg;c Wind From West Speed 17 mph Saturday 31 Aug Cloudy Temp High 16&deg;c Low 10&deg;c Wind From West Speed 18 mph Sunday 1 Sep Cloudy Temp High 17&deg;c Low 13&deg;c Wind From West Speed 15 mph Like us Follow us Place your Ad  Events & Listings Showbiz News Arts & Entertainment Features Columnists Cinema Visual Arts Theatre Music Books & Literature TV & Radio Dance & Comedy Home and Garden Gardening with Phyl Boyce Gingergirl - All About Food Celia Holman Lee - My Week City View This Limerick Life   Local EVENTS Search powered by What's On All dates Today Tomorrow This weekend Choose dates... x Where Search  Picks of the day City is the venue for Limerick’s Elemental festival  Pensioner demands his day in court over property tax  Rugby star urges Limerick people to wear their pride  Regeneron eyes up planning application at old Dell plant  Willie O’Dea is not impressed by RTE’s clown  Concern at delay in revealing City of Culture funds  Star Trek to Los Angeles for LSAD graduate Meg  Discover The Most ... Viewed Shared Discussed 1 Willie O’Dea is not impressed by RTE’s clown 2 NCR house sells for €135k above asking price 3 Mystery of €6.1m lady Lotto winner from Limerick 4 Approach to prostitution in Limerick is ‘wrong’ 5 Pensioner demands his day in court over property tax 1 Property price register reveals the real millionaire homes in Limerick 2 Paul O’Connell to wed girlfriend Emily in France 3 Report into Shannon crash is published 4 Limerick signs changed to read ‘Red Light District’ 5 Taylor-Johnson in Quicksilver talks 1 Willie O’Dea is not impressed by RTE’s clown 2 Long accuses Kennedy of ‘seeking cheap publicity’ 3 Complaint over lack of access to ‘derelict’ West Limerick graveyard 4 Hanging baskets stolen from County Limerick graveyard 5 Jerry Flannery offers ‘advice’ to men paying for sex Books & Literature  Literary gathering On The Nail in Limerick next month THE monthly literary gathering On The Nail will take place in Limerick&#8217;s Locke Bar on Tuesday, September 3, at 8pm, with several special guests on the night. Book examining the history of ‘limericks’ is launched History of Limerick family who made their mark on three continents outlined in new book New novel Shanagolden has potential to be a ‘blockbuster’ movie Demand sees e-book on Limerick soldier make it to print Limerick is festival hub for the Bank Holiday weekend    Jobs Directory Search for a job Keywords Location Distance This area This area +3 miles This area +5 miles This area +10 miles This area +15 miles This area +20 miles This area +30 miles This area +50 miles Job Type any Permanent Contract/Intern Temporary/Seasonal Part-Time Powered by Search the directory Search For: (Plumber, Taxi, McDonalds...) Where? (Town, Country ...) Powered by  Tweets by @limerick_leader  Limerick Leader Recommends  Back to the top of the page  News Sport What's On Weather Place your Ad Subscribe Special Features Deals Dating Buy A Photo Local news on the move Keep up to date with all the latest local news on your iPhone or Android phone with our mobile site. Visit this website on your mobile to start enjoying it on the move. Place your Ad online Create your own advertisement or send someone a special message. You can sell your car, unwanted items or place a family announcement through our newspapers and websites at really low prices. Click here to place your advert now. Newsletter sign up Newsletter sign up Contact us If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below. 54 O'Connell Street Limerick Ireland Email: news@limerickleader.ie Telephone: 061 214500 FAQs Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy Switch to Mobile Site All rights reserved &copy; 2013 Johnston Publishing Ltd. This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Limerick Leader provides news, events and sport features from the Limerick area. For the best up to date information relating to Limerick and the surrounding areas visit us at Limerick Leader regularly or bookmark this page.   For you to enjoy all the features of this website Limerick Leader requires permission to use cookies.  Allow Cookies  Find Out More &#x25BC;  What is a Cookie? What is a Flash Cookie? Can I opt out of receiving Cookies? About our Cookies Cookies are small data files which are sent to your browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome etc) from a website you visit. They are stored on your electronic device. This is a type of cookie which is collected by Adobe Flash media player (it is also called a Local Shared Object) - a piece of software you may already have on your electronic device to help you watch online videos and listen to podcasts. Yes there are a number of options available, you can set your browser either to reject all cookies, to allow only "trusted" sites to set them, or to only accept them from the site you are currently on. However, please note - if you block/delete all cookies, some features of our websites, such as remembering your login details, or the site branding for your local newspaper may not function as a result. The types of cookies we, our ad network and technology partners use are listed below: Revenue Science &#x25BA; A tool used by some of our advertisers to target adverts to you based on pages you have visited in the past. To opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here. Google Ads &#x25BA; Our sites contain advertising from Google; these use cookies to ensure you get adverts relevant to you. You can tailor the type of ads you receive by visiting here or to opt out of this type of targeting you can visit the 'Your Online Choices' website by clicking here. Webtrends / Google Analytics &#x25BA; This is used to help us identify unique visitors to our websites. This data is anonymous and we cannot use this to uniquely identify individuals and their usage of the sites. Dart for Publishers &#x25BA; This comes from our ad serving technology and is used to track how many times you have seen a particular ad on our sites, so that you don't just see one advert but an even spread. This information is not used by us for any other type of audience recording or monitoring. ComScore &#x25BA; ComScore monitor and externally verify our site traffic data for use within the advertising industry. Any data collected is anonymous statistical data and cannot be traced back to an individual. Local Targeting &#x25BA; Our Classified websites (Photos, Motors, Jobs and Property Today) use cookies to ensure you get the correct local newspaper branding and content when you visit them. These cookies store no personally identifiable information. Grapeshot &#x25BA; We use Grapeshot as a contextual targeting technology, allowing us to create custom groups of stories outside out of our usual site navigation. Grapeshot stores the categories of story you have been exposed to. Their privacy policy and opt out option can be accessed here. Subscriptions Online &#x25BA; Our partner for Newspaper subscriptions online stores data from the forms you complete in these to increase the usability of the site and enhance user experience. Add This &#x25BA; Add This provides the social networking widget found in many of our pages. This widget gives you the tools to bookmark our websites, blog, share, tweet and email our content to a friend. 3rd Party Cookies &#x25BA; We use Advertising agencies to provide us with some of the advertising on our websites. These include (but are not limited to) Specific Media, The Rubicon Project, AdJug, AdConion, Context Web. Please click on the provider name to visit their opt-out page.  Show the build number for DEV and TEST configurations <div class="noPrintable" style="width:950px;height:15px;margin-top:20px;"> Build Version 50 </div> Asynchronous Google Analytics snippet. Change UA-XXXXX-X to be your site's ID. mathiasbynens.be/notes/async-analytics-snippet  