  Authors : Maximum article exposure. Publishers : Reprintable article content. BROWSE ARTICLES ArticleBiz.com Home Featured Articles Recently Added Articles Most Viewed Articles Article Comments Advanced Article Search AUTHORS Submit Article Check Article Status Author TOS PUBLISHERS RSS Article Feeds Terms of Service Humor Articles Home Arts & Entertainment Humor Funny Sayings and Messages By Rob Wa Funny sayings provide you and friends with chances to laugh, raise self-awareness, or mitigate a tough mood. The selection of funny quotations, sayings .... begun is half done.&#34; -Horace&#34;Great boasters are little doers.&#34;-French Proverb&#34;Creditors have better memories than borrowers.&#34; Secrets Behind a Successful Comedy Podcast By Sean Green It used to be if you were in a comedian in a small market you were forced to move to LA or New York to make, however with the advent of the comedy podcast .... with the seismic shift to on-line advertising those days could be few and far between, so strike while the iron is hot and start your own comedy podcast. Free comedy Â&ndash; The Smartest Way to Locate the Funniest Video Clips Online By Sean Green The best place to share a funny joke is on the Internet. Instead of knock-knock jokes and one liners people on the Internet enjoy sharing funny video .... are looking to watch free comedy online make sure to stay up to date with Funny Or Die.com, The Onion.com, UCBtheater.com and Youtubefunnyvideoclips.com. Stand up comedian funny podcasts are dominating Internet radio By Sean Green Instead of listening to commercial packed terrestrial radio, fans of talk radio are turning to the Internet to get original content from some of their .... demand and often with little commercial interruptions? The comedy podcasts created by stand up comedians are dominating downloads and are here to stay. The Best Free Comedy Podcasts and Comedy Radio Online By Sean Green With the explosion of the Internet, tons of free comedy podcasts have been created by comedians, giving you an overwhelming amount of options when it comes .... kind of taste you have. Even if your favorite stand up comedian doesnÂ&rsquo;t have a comedy podcast now, there is a good chance they will in the near future. Los Angeles Stand Up Comedians on the Move By Sean Green Looking for a great place to find thousands of aspiring stand up comedians? Los Angeles is it. We all know the established stand up comedians like Louis .... Factory, the Comedy Store and the Hollywood Improv are all great places to go and check out these fresh faces as well as see some more established acts. Find the Best Free Comedy in Los Angeles By Sean Green A free lunch can be hard to find, especially if you are short on cash. But you do have some entertainment options when it comes to free comedy. You can .... frequent changes to their dates and times, so be sure to confirm with the location that the comedy show is still on for the night before heading that way. Harmless Pranks That Can Lighten The Mood By Brendan Sinclair Do harmless pranks make you smile, or do you appreciate the hilarity of little good-natured tomfoolery? If making people laugh is one of your favorite .... offending the recipients. So, pull out your sense of humor, come up with some creative jokes, and enjoy all the smiles and laughter your antics will bring. Um.... Excuse me? By Daniel Blechle Who was your first? Simple question, right? A common enough question anyways. A question that when asked, most people seem comfortable enough answering .... other guys&#34;. It is really nothing personal Mom. I do love you. So think of this as me protecting you. Protecting you from the harsh truths of reality. Funny Christmas Traditions By Evija Melne ItÂ&rsquo;s Christmas time out there. Do you feel it? Not really? So this is for you. If you are not very excited about this celebration you need something that .... celebration will be funny enough. The most important thing is not to be a Grinch but be able to find something good in every life situation. Merry Christmas!!! Top Resources To Learn How To Draw Caricatures By Edith Ozera Learning how to draw caricature can be a fun hobby for people who enjoy drawing things and humor at the same time. In this post I will try to list some .... caricature in a step by step manner. YouÂ&rsquo;ll find analysis of the various points in a manÂ&rsquo;s personality to be seized upon when learning how to draw caricature. Funny Tshirts In Times Of Reality And Fashion Sense By Adam Leaf Comedy is what all the youngsters and teenagers want to be involved in todayÂ&rsquo;s society, whether thatÂ&rsquo;s in our country our throughout the world. Kids talk .... funny printed slogans can also be printed on hoodies and long sleeve t-shirts, so there isnÂ&rsquo;t a cloth of item that canÂ&rsquo;t be printed with a funny side on. What Makes a Good Joke By Derrick Anderson How does one tell a good joke? What makes some jokes better than others? These are good questions with no specific, definite answers. There is no exact .... sure things until the audience responded with silence. Practice and experience are really the only ways to have any certainty that your jokes are funny. Short Hilarious Jokes and One-Liners To Spice Up Your Speeches By Soren Lauritzen Adding short hilarious jokes or funny one-liners to your speeches will capture your listener&#39;s attention and make your presentation more interesting .... interested can be challenging. Adding a few appropriate short hilarious jokes or one-liners can break the ice and set the stage for a successful presentation. Where One Can Put There Funny Videos By Dave Dann The world of technology is becoming more advanced, and people can post anything online that they want almost. It is entertaining, and it allows people .... are only a couple of examples that were described above, and there are so many out there already posted. There is more room to continue posting new ones. Articles 16 - 30 :: Prev | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 .. | Next  Copyright &copy; 2013 by ArticleBiz.com. All rights reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Submit Article | Editorial 