 Skip to main content eBay Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Daily Deals Hi, ( Sign in to bid or buy) My eBay Sell Community Customer Support Cart eBay Motors Certified Pre-Owned Tell us what you think | Share:  Certified Pre-Owned Showroom Find your CPO vehicle: Any Make Acura Buick Chevrolet GMC Honda Infiniti Lexus Nissan Pontiac Saturn Scion Toyota Volkswagen Any Model Search Cars & Trucks Search Cars & Trucks Please enter a valid Zip Code AdChoice Select a Brand Showroom to Explore Prev Next Certified Pre-Owned Information Center Compare Featured Vehicles CPO FAQ's Compare CPO Program Details: Select Make Acura Buick Chevrolet GMC Honda Infiniti Lexus Nissan Pontiac Saturn Scion Toyota Volkswagen vs Select Make Acura Buick Chevrolet GMC Honda Infiniti Lexus Nissan Pontiac Saturn Scion Toyota Volkswagen Update Clear Manufacturer Maximum Age/Mileage Dealer Requirement Special Financing Warranty Details Acura   6 years/&gt;80,000 miles     150-Point Mechanical &amp; Appearance Inspection   Yes   A limited warranty and three-day exchange policy (where applicable) provide unparalleled peace of mind with any Acura Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle purchase. Every buyer receives a 12-month/12,000-mile Limited Warranty plus a 7-year / 100,000-mile Powertrain Limited Warranty, and coverage is honored nationwide at all Acura dealers.   See more details Show More Buick   6 years/75,000 miles     172-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   Every Certified Buick comes with Owner Care, a comprehensive warranty and maintenance plan including a 12-Month/12,000-Mile 1 Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty, a 5-Year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited Warranty, 6-Year/100,000-Mile Powertrain Limited Warranty on 2013 model year and newer Certified Pre-Owned Buick vehicles and the exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 3 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan.   See more details Show More Chevrolet   6 years/75,000 miles     172-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   Every Certified Chevrolet comes with Owner Care, a comprehensive warranty and maintenance plan including a 12-Month/12,000-Mile 1 Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty, a 5-Year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited Warranty, and the exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 3 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan.   See more details Show More GMC   6 years/75,000 miles     172-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   Every Certified GMC comes with Owner Care, a comprehensive warranty and maintenance plan including a 12-Month/12,000-Mile 1 Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty, a 5-Year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited Warranty, and the exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 3 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan.   See more details Show More Honda   Less than 6 years old/maximum of 80,000 miles.     150-point mechanical and appearance inspection, performed by the dealer.   Yes   Thanks to one of the most extensive used-car warranties in the business, every Honda Certified Used Car comes with peace of mind. The limited warranty covers major engine and transmission components, except for body, glass, interior and standard maintenance items. Plus, there's no deductible.   See more details Show More Infiniti   No more than 4 years old or 60,000 miles     150+ Point Certified Inspection   Yes   The Infiniti Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty extends the basic coverage of the Infiniti New-Vehicle Limited Warranty to six years from the original in-service date or 100,000 miles on the odometer, whichever occurs first. 1 See more details Show More Lexus   7 years/70,000 miles     161-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   The Lexus Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty is actually better than some new-vehicle warranties. It's an extensive limited warranty, technically known as an "exclusionary warranty." Starting on your date of purchase, it offers the same coverage and privileges new-car buyers receive.   See more details Show More Nissan   &lt;5 Years Old/&lt;60,000 Miles     Over 150-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Re-Con Process   Yes   The Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Limited Warranty extends the powertrain coverage of the Nissan new-vehicle limited warranty to 7 years from the original in-service date of the vehicle, or 100,000 total miles on the odometer, whichever occurs first.* * For complete information concerning coverage, conditions and exclusions, see your Nissan dealer and read the actual limited warranty. See more details Show More Pontiac   6 years/75,000 miles     172-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   Every Certified Pontiac comes with Owner Care, a comprehensive warranty and maintenance plan including a 12-Month/12,000-Mile 1 Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty, a 5-Year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited Warranty, and the exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 3 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan.   See more details Show More Saturn   6 years/75,000 miles     172-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   Every Certified Saturn comes with Owner Care, a comprehensive warranty and maintenance plan including a 12-Month/12,000-Mile 1 Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty, a 5-Year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited Warranty, and the exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 3 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan.   See more details Show More Scion   6 years/85,000 miles     Reconditioning and 160-point   Yes   Each Scion Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle is reconditioned to Scion's exacting standards by Scion factory-trained technicians and backed by an extensive pre-owned car warranty. The Scion Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Warranty coverage is an extension of the vehicle's original factory warranty.   See more details Show More Toyota   6 years/85,000 miles     160-Point Comprehensive Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process   Yes   Each Toyota Certified Used Vehicle is reconditioned to Toyota's exacting standards by Toyota factoryâ&euro;&ldquo;trained technicians and backed by an extensive used car warranty. The Toyota Certified Used Vehicle Warranty coverage is an extension of the vehicle's original factory warranty.   See more details Show More Volkswagen   Current model year minus 6 years, up to 75,000 miles on odometer     Comprehensive 112-point inspection by trained and certified Volkswagen dealership technicians   Yes   Every WorldAuto Certified Pre-Owned Volkswagen comes with a 2-year or 24,000-mile (whichever comes first) Bumper to-Bumper Limited Warranty 1 . Plus, you keep the balance of any manufacturer limited warranties remaining on your WorldAuto Certified Pre-Owned Volkswagen. 1 See dealer for details. Deductible may apply. See more details Show More  Audi Certified-Pre-owned Scrutiny is in the eye of the beholder. Once a vehicle passes our exacting 300+ point inspection process, you'll find it pretty difficult to tell the difference between a new Audi and Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle. We're pretty sure you'll appreciate our fastidious nature. And the absence of your uncertainty. Visit the Audi Showroom Shop more What is CPO? CPO stands for certified pre-owned. Usually, a certified pre-owned vehicle is a newer, low-mileage model that has been inspected, refurbished and certified by a manufacturer or other certifying authority. Typically, a certified pre-owned vehicle will come with an extended warranty, special financing or other benefits. Since vehicles depreciate the quickest in the first few years, a certified pre-owned vehicle makes a higher-end vehicle more accessible while still providing peace of mind to the buyer. Is certified pre-owned just another word for "used car"? Unlike "pre-owned" or "pre-driven", a certified pre-owned vehicle is not just a used car. These vehicles have passed a multi-point inspection, been repaired, and been given a warranty. While they typically cost more than a comparable used car, they also give the buyer peace of mind. Who does the certification of certified pre-owned vehicles? While some dealerships offer certified pre-owned vehicles, most are certified by manufacturers themselves. The certification process varies by manufacturer, but all entail a comprehensive multi-point inspection to identify and repair problems and a warranty that backs up those repairs. What are the advantages of certified pre-owned vehicles? Certified pre-owned vehicles are less expensive than comparable new vehicles while giving buyers peace of mind they can't get in buying a used vehicle. Generally speaking, a new car will go down in value as much as 20% in the year after it's driven off the lot. As such, a higher-end car that is unaffordable new could now be accessible as a certified pre-owned vehicle. Alternately, a buyer purchasing a used car takes a certain amount of risk not knowing what, if any, problems may lurk under the hood. While typically more expensive, purchasing a certified pre-owned vehicle protects against much of that risk. What should I look for when buying a certified pre-owned vehicle? With any certified pre-owned program, confirm who does the actual inspection and repairs, whether a dealership or the manufacturer. Both original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and dealer-certified program vehicles are usually inspected by employees of the dealership, not by the manufacturer itself. Since warranties, inspection processes and other important details vary by manufacturer, buyers should compare certified pre-owned vehicle programs carefully to make an informed purchase. Where should I look when shopping certified pre-owned vehicles? Whether you know exactly what kind of certified pre-owned vehicle you want or if you're just exploring, you'll want to shop where you have the most options. Further, among the sources that offer you the most certified pre-owned vehicle choices, you'll want a fast, convenient way to sort through the available options. As the world's #1 automotive site (as ranked by Nielsen/NetRatings), eBay Motors offers you the most choices and the best deals available on certified pre-owned vehicles. About eBay Community Announcements Security Center Resolution Center Policies Site Map eBay official time Preview new features Contact us Tell us what you think Copyright &copy; 1995-2013 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement and Privacy Policy . 