 [if lt IE 7]><p class="chromeframe">You are using an outdated browser. <a href="http://browsehappy.com/">Upgrade your browser today</a> or <a href="http://www.google.com/chromeframe/?redirect=true">install Google Chrome Frame</a> to better experience this site.</p><![endif] Celebrity & News ShopStyle Fashion Beauty Fitness Entertainment Love & Sex Food Living Moms Social Video Must Have Latest Celebrities News Celeb Life Bikini Celebrity Video Royal Baby Vote on the Shirtless Bracket Top Celebrity & News Stories Stars Who Got Engaged at a Very Young Age Kanye West Debuts Daughter North West! Exclusive: Amanda Seyfried and Justin Long's Puppy Love Is Now on Display Ben Affleck as Batman: 11 Reasons Why You Should Stop Questioning It Women Bags Shoes Beauty Jewelry Men Kids Home Designers Sale Featured ShopStyle Shops Hangin' Tough Rock 'n' Roll Spiked Jewelry Shop Fashion Meets Function No-Fail Concert Style Shop Our New Color Crush Feeling Blue Shop Toppers Under $50 Hat Attack Shop Latest Style & Trends Fashion News Shop Street Style Celebrity Fashion Fashion Video Summer Style Top Fashion Stories Stop It! They Seriously Wore THAT to the VMAs?! Meet the 20 Best-Dressed Women at Fashion Week Move Over, Dresses — This Week's Best Dressed Includes 3 Pantsuits! We Put Printed Pants to the Test! Latest Makeup Hair Celeb Beauty Beauty Video Skin Care Summer Beauty POPSUGAR Select Top Beauty Stories Pop Quiz: What's Your Fragrance Personality? See (and Shop!) Michael Kors's New Makeup and Perfume Collections 30 Years of the Most Outrageous MTV VMAs Looks The Top 50 Celebrity Looks of Summer '13 Latest Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Celebrity Fitness Fitness Video Summer Top Fitness Stories Step Inside Tracy Anderson's Exclusive LA Studio Olivia Wilde's Refreshing Healthy Outlook Travel the World and Train Like a Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model! The Weight-Loss Secrets That Keep Jessica Alba Looking Good Latest What to TiVo TV Movies Music Entertainment Video Comic-Con Top Entertainment Stories Ben Affleck as Batman: 11 Reasons Why You Should Stop Questioning It 2013 MTV VMAs: Watch All the Nominated Videos The Best Boy Band Moments at the VMAs Ben Is Batman, but That's Not the Only Big Casting News This Week Latest Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Summer Wedding Top Love & Sex Stories The Sexiest Moments in VMA History Your Ultimate Make-Out Playlist Date Ideas That'll Make an End-of-Summer Splash 35 Smart Ideas For Back-to-School Wedding Inspiration Latest Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Food Video Wedding Summer POPSUGAR Select Top Food Stories Celebrity Chefs Get Social at the LA Food & Wine Festival Toast the VMAs with Bruno Mars's "Locked Out of Heaven" Paradise Mule Brown-Bag It: Leftover Lunch Delights Sushi Fans, This Salmon Wasabi Sandwich Is For You Latest Design Homes Marketplace Tastemakers Style Guide Summer Decor Wedding Top Home Stories DIY to Try: Stairway to Decoupage Heaven Dark Ceilings: Would You Dare? Black and White and Rad All Over Seeing Stars: A Pillow Line With a Cosmic Connection Latest Tech News Digital Culture Tech Style Gadgets Geek Tips Back to School Top Tech Stories Apple Is Giving Away iWork — Here's How to Get It iPad Mini Cases You'll Want to Clutch Onto Space Mission? That's No Reason to Stop Pinning! For the Next iPhone, All that Glitters Is Gold Latest Money Career Productivity Travel Work-Life Balance Back to School Top Smart Living Stories 19 Cool Uses For Coconut Oil No IKEA Needed: Creative Apartment Shopping on the Cheap This Is How to Go to College For Free The $0 Bedroom Makeover — No Joke! Latest Dogs Cats Cute Animals Pet Advice Celebrity Pets Top Pet Stories Cuddle Up With These Sleepy Kitties Smart Dogs Wearing Glasses Good Licks: Pets Enjoying Summer Ice Cream Treats Take a Huge Bite Outta This Shark Quiz! Latest Home Tech Smart Living Pets Wedding Top Living Stories DIY to Try: Stairway to Decoupage Heaven Apple Is Giving Away iWork — Here's How to Get It Dark Ceilings: Would You Dare? Cuddle Up With These Sleepy Kitties Latest Parenting Pregnancy Food and Fun Kid Shopping Family Life Celebrity Moms Back to School Communities Blogger Top Mom Stories Celeb Parents' Best Photos of the Week Nursery Room Makeover: 10 Adorable Baby Room Decals A Tween-Tastic Instagram-Themed Birthday Party Baby's Debut: Celebrity Tots' First Official Photos Latest Categories Popular Profiles Layouts Top Social Lists 136 Items Back to School For Him Shop 157 Items school clothes Shop 194 Items Esprit Denim Shop 154 Items watches Shop Latest Entertainment Fashion Beauty Food Fitness LIVE! Girls' Guide Circle of Moms Partners Top Videos 5 Moves to Tone Your Inner Thighs Make a Ramen Burger at Home! Lea Michele Cries While Remembering Cory Monteith's "Handsome Smile" Video: Fifty Shades of Grey Movie Is One Year Away — Here's What You Need to Know! How It Works Meet Lisa Featured Products FAQ $35 per month ">Subscribe For $35 per month Latest Must Have Reveals August Must Have Box - Revealed! July Must Have Box — Revealed! June POPSUGAR Must Have Box - Revealed! Moms All United States United Kingdom Australia Canada France Germany Japan  Parenting Baby      Little Kid      Big Kid      Tween and Teen      Behavior Tips      Health and Safety      Special Needs      Learning      Nurseries      Pregnancy Baby Showers      Baby Names      Maternity Clothes      Childbirth      Breastfeeding      Food and Fun Kid-Friendly Recipes      Cooking With Kids      Kid Activities      Kid Parties      Holidays      Cookbook      Popular Recipes      Quick &amp; Easy Recipes      Slow Cooker Recipes      Add a New Recipe      Kid Shopping Kid Product Reviews      Kids Books and Music      Kids TV and Movies      Kids Apps and Games      Toys      Kids Rooms      Kids Clothes      Celebrity Baby Style      Mom Shopping      Family Life Family Fun      Family Home      Family Relationships      Single Moms      Staying Sane      The Scoop      Parenting News      Funny      Celebrity Moms Celebrity Pregnancies      Celebrity Babies      Celebrity Baby Roundup      Back to School Communities All Communities      Welcome to Circle of Moms!!      Young moms aged 20-30      Working Moms      Recipe Swap      Moms With School Age Kids      Toddler Moms      Stay at Home Moms      Toddlers      Single Moms      After Pregnancy: Babies and Infants      Blogger Top 25 Lists      Blogger Q&amp;A      Sign Up for PopSugar Alerts Kid Shopping Chicco Chicco NextFit Convertible Car Seat Review Chicco's New NextFit Convertible Car Seat Is a Game Changer When It Comes to Installation April 9, 2013  by Rebecca M Gruber 0 Save 0 Favorite 0 You know you're an experienced car seat installer when you actually get giddy over a new seat that claims to fix your biggest issues with the whole product category. Last Fall, Chicco (which if you don't know is actually pronounced kee-koh) briefly walked us through its companion seat to the KeyFit infant car seat at the ABC Kids Expo . Inspired by the KeyFit's easy installation system, the Chicco NextFit Convertible (available for preorder, $280) uses a unique LATCH pulley system — called Super Cinch — to significantly reduce the effort needed to tighten the seat's LATCH straps. Suitable for kids from five to 65 pounds (and with a rear-facing weight limit of 40 pounds), the seat also features nine (yes, nine!) recline positions and a great leveling system so parents can easily tell if the seat is installed properly. With a number of innovative car seats coming to market this year — the LATCH-less Britax Frontier 90 and Pinnacle 90 and mobile-synced First Years I-Alert Car Seat to name a few — my 3-year-old and I put the NextFit Convertible's easy installation claims to test as we drove around town. Here's what we thought. Who is this product designed for? A NextFit is a convertible car seat designed for children weighing between 5 and 65 pounds (up to 40 pounds rear-facing) and who are less than 50 inches tall (meaning, for most tots, it can be used immediately from birth). What sets it apart? While plenty of car seats claim to have an easy installation process, the NextFit truly owns this title. The company says that the SuperCinch LATCH tightener "uses force-multiplying technology to help achieve a secure fit with a fraction of the effort." In layman's speak, that means the person installing the seat just needs to follow the instructions on the LATCH connectors (that are labeled Pull 1st and Pull 2nd) and then simply pull on the tightener, which quadruples the force of your pull to ensure a tight and proper fit with very little effort — I mean very little exertion. I've always fought my way through the installation process and was able to securely install this one in less than three minutes! Keep reading to see more about the seat, and what we think can be improved. The seat also includes nine recline positions, six headrest positions (so the seat grows with your child) and two bubble level indicators so parents can see if the seat is properly installed both rear- and forward-facing. I also found the 2-position chest clip to be a great addition — there's a more narrow setting for babies and a wider setting for bigger and broader tots. The removable and repositionable cup holder was also a nice touch. What could be better? At 20.5" x 19" x 26" the NextFit is a large car seat. And while that means your child is soundly protected by a large steel frame covered in EPS foam, it is a bit of a gargantuan in a standard backseat. Also, while the nine recline positions ensure the seat fits snugly into virtually any car, the deep bucket seat has forward-facing tots sitting very far back in the seat that my child found uncomfortable after a long ride (he didn't complain at all on shorter trips though!). Would I buy it? If you're constantly moving your car seat between cars — for grandma, babysitters, car pools and more — the NextFit not only allows you do so quickly, it easily gives you peace of mind knowing that the seat is properly installed. For that reason alone, I would highly recommend the NextFit. Car Seats Baby Gear Chicco Kid Shopping Tell your friends What&rsquo;s Your Reaction? 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 votes Link Love Mom forced to stop feeding baby homemade formula BabyCenter Blog The easiest ways to save on organic food — The Stir A look inside Fergie's second baby shower — Celebrity Baby Scoop Danielle Jonas debuts her baby bump — People Moms & Babies 7 light and fresh recipes to take you through Summer — FitPregnancy Does where you live affect your risk for PPD? — The Bump Where to find the best deals on school supplies — Real Simple Now this is how you announce a pregnancy! — HuffPost Parents 0 Comments Sign in to leave a comment We won't post anything without your permission. Sign in with your account Don't have an account? Create one now! See More Chicco  Editor's Pick May 10, 2011  Strollin': 8 Strollers to Keep an Eye Out For This Spring Baby Mar 25, 2011  5 Toys to Add to Your Infant's Toy Box Now You Might Also Like Art Jan 08, 2007  Dog-Human Suckling Its Young Guess Who Aug 13, 2008  Who's the Daddy?  Family Travel Jun 14, 2013  Your Little Mogul in the Making Can Now Vacation Like Trump cupcakes Nov 18, 2010  Out of the Pan: Dinner From the Muffin Tin  Follow POPSUGAR Mom & Kids Pinterest Twitter Google + Instagram Featured Partners  Robert Pattinson Surprises Kids at Hospital  Jane Lynch's Ex Seeks Spousal Support  Josh Duhamel Refuses to Raise an 'Entitled Little Brat'  Alec and Hilaria Baldwin Welcome Daughter  More News at PEOPLE.com/babies  Hey, Taylor Swift, Harry Styles Doesn’t Think You’re Finished With Him Yet  Script for 'Glee' Cory Monteith Memorial Episode Is 'Most Beautiful Thing'  Kelly Clarkson Will Elope Instead of Letting a Big Wedding Drive Her Crazy  Robert Pattinson Makes Out With New Girl -- Kristen, Look Away!!  More News at The Stir  Giuliana & Bill Rancic go overboard for Duke's 1st birthday  First photo of Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's daughter North!  Kate & William share first photos of 'rascal' George  Photo: Jessica Simpson's 'crazy beautiful' daughter  More News at BabyCenter popsugar live! NOW Watch POPSUGAR LIVE! Now  NOW Watch POPSUGAR LIVE! Now Sponsored Links  Subscribe to POPSUGAR Subscribe now to get instantly addictive email delivered to your inbox! Daily Sales &amp; Arrivals  Featured Shops  Top Stories  Fitness &amp; Healthy Living  Fashion &amp; Beauty  Must Have  ShopStyle Search Top Brands Us Angels Beautees Children's Place Dollhouse SpaSilk Quiksilver Under Armour True Religion Top Searches radio flyer wagon boy scouts leapfrog leapster explorer junior clothing boxing games cd music science experiments girl names Related Conversations Big Kid Carseat At 8 Months Carseat?? My 9 Month Old Is 20 Lbs, Can He Be... Car Seat Suggestions? When Should I Put My Son In A Front... Anyone Extended Rear Facing? What Age Did You, Pesonally, Forward... Recommendations On Convertible Car Seat CARSEAT At What Age Do You Move Your Child Up... When Do U Turn The Baby Seat To Face... Top Communities Kids aged over 10yrs old... Christian mommies Potty Training Toddlers After Pregnancy: Babies and Infants Working Moms Welcome to Circle of Moms!! Moms of Teenagers Recipe Swap Moms With School Age Kids Single Moms Should Overweight Kids Be Placed on Diets? Pinspiration: My Favorite Things For Spring Featured Partners Robert Pattinson Surprises Kids at Hospital  Jane Lynch's Ex Seeks Spousal Support  Josh Duhamel Refuses to Raise an 'Entitled Little Brat'  Alec and Hilaria Baldwin Welcome Daughter  More News at PEOPLE.com/babies  Hey, Taylor Swift, Harry Styles Doesn’t Think You’re Finished With Him Yet  Script for 'Glee' Cory Monteith Memorial Episode Is 'Most Beautiful Thing'  Kelly Clarkson Will Elope Instead of Letting a Big Wedding Drive Her Crazy  Robert Pattinson Makes Out With New Girl -- Kristen, Look Away!!  More News at The Stir  Giuliana & Bill Rancic go overboard for Duke's 1st birthday  First photo of Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's daughter North!  Kate & William share first photos of 'rascal' George  Photo: Jessica Simpson's 'crazy beautiful' daughter  More News at BabyCenter Most Popular on PopSugar Celebrity & News 160+ Celebrities You Should Be Kim Kardashian's Having a Girl — Go The Ultimate Celebrity Wedding Gallery Fashion Top Knots and Miniskirts: The Runway Refresh: See the Top 10 Trends Oh, Snap! More Than 100 Street-Styled Beauty New Products Added! Nearly 300 50+ Celebrity Lobs to Inspire Your ANTM Contestants: Where Are They Now? Fitness 25 Things That Are Keeping You 13 Ways to Tone the Inner Thighs Victoria's Secret Model Workout: Entertainment 50 Actors We Could See in the Fifty Season Finale Pictures: Elementary, The Best Bikini Moments in Movies Living 151 Upcycling Ideas That Will Blow 105 DIY Projects That Will Make You Homemade Garbage Disposal Refreshers Sites we Love Script for 'Glee' Cory Monteith Memorial Episode Is 'Most Beautiful Thing' Kim Kardashian Supposedly Hired a Private Detective to Stalk Kanye West Comedian Katt Williams Shocks Sick Fan With Most Unexpected Gift Latest 'DWTS' Season 17 Casting Rumors Include a Name So Ridiculous It'll Make Your Head Spin Parents Outraged By Message Sent By Shoe Company Ad 13 Things You Should Never Say To A Stepparent LOOK: 6 Stories Of Interspecies Love To Warm Your Heart 18 Ridiculously Successful Home-School Alums Not Your Father's Fatherhood Easy Valentine's Day Recipes for Kids Hidden Sugars in Your Kids Diet Shocking Birth Stories You Won't Believe First photo of Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's daughter North! Kim Kardashian publicly hates on Katie Couric Photo: Gwyneth "long butt" Paltrow rocks bikini at 40 Giuliana & Bill Rancic go overboard for Duke's 1st birthday "PopSugar Moms" Circle of Moms Browse Communities Top 25 Bloggers Parenting Topics The Cookbook "Popular Communities" mums over 40... Toddlers Working Moms Potty Training... Young moms aged... teenage... Welcome to Circle... Breastfeeding Moms mommies doin it... Christian moms After Pregnancy:... Moms of Teenagers Moms of College Kids Kids aged over... Single Moms Christian mommies  About Advertising Site Map Contact Terms Privacy Careers Mobile Site &copy;2013 POPSUGAR Inc. &bull; PopSugar • PopSugar Living • PopSugar Moms Join Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram  [if lt IE 9]><script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js"></script><script>window.jQuery || document.write('<script src="http://media2.onsugar.com/v2098/static/js/vendor/jquery/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"><\/script>');</script><![endif] SiteCatalyst code version: H.26.Copyright 1996-2013 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com   