 Skip to content Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates &amp; Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying &amp; Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling &amp; Events Car Maintenance &amp; Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips &amp; Tools Loan Tips &amp; Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums   Home | Car News | General Motors looks outside Car Culture for New CEO | General Motors Suits General Motors Suits Back to General Motors looks outside Car Culture for New CEO  Viewing photo 1 of 1 ( Full Image )  Get a free and easy new car price quote in minutes " title="Get My Price" class="get-my-price-btn" /> Research Categories Overview Reviews Recalls Auto Loan Pricing Quick Quotes Photos Comparisons Cars for Sale Insurance Rates Specs  [if IE 6]><script> var img = jQuery('#gallery-main-image'); if( img ) { if( img.width() > 750 ) { img.width(750); } }</script><![endif] Latest Car Reviews and Road Tests 2014 Toyota Corolla LE Eco Plus First Drive The 2014 Toyota Corolla won't blow you away, but it will sell like crazy. 2014 Infiniti Q50 AWD First Drive The 2014 Infiniti Q50 offers a technology, luxury, and sensory overload. 2014 Jaguar F-Type S and V-8 S First Drive Britain's latest cruise missile comes in the form of the 2014 Jaguar F-Type 2014 Kia Forte EX Road Test Frustratingly close to being better than just "good" 2014 Toyota Tundra Platinum CrewMax First Drive Dual citizenship: The 2014 Toyota Tundra is as American as its direct competition. But is that enough to keep up with the Big Three? Volkswagen GTD First Drive The Volkswagen GTD looks to add diesel efficiency to GTI performance. 2014 Mercedes-Benz S550 First Drive Is the 2014 Mercedes-Benz S550 the ultimate luxury sedan? We tested everything from performance to the hot-stone massage feature. 2014 Mazda6 Grand Touring Road Test Thanks to the Mazda6, there's no longer an excuse for buying a boring family sedan 2013 Chevrolet Spark 2LT Road Test The Chevrolet Spark hatchback shows basic transportation need not be insufferable 2014 Buick LaCrosse First Drive Suddenly, Buick's full-size sedan is a bona fide luxury car, likely to Cadillac's chagrin 2013 Dodge Charger R/T All-Wheel Drive Road Test Muscle car fantasies with family car practicality. 2014 Nissan Versa Note First Drive The 2014 Nissan Versa Note is none too exciting, but that's not its purpose. 2013 Subaru WRX STI Road Test The 2013 Subaru WRX STI is among the fastest, funnest cars on the road, but can you live with it? 2013 Toyota Corolla S Road Test Trying to understand why the ubiquitous, uninteresting, and unsophisticated Corolla is so perfect for so many. 2013 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid First Drive The 2013 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid cranks up the efficiency on Hyundai's midsize looker.   About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content &copy; Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG2 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes   Logout Profile Log in or Register 