 doctype html public "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"   search  Home Contact Us About Gates Gates Careers News Where to Buy Join/Login Energy, Exploration &amp; Extraction Infrastructure &amp; Agriculture Transportation Automotive Process &amp; Specialty Products &amp; Services  Solutions Catalogs Part Interchanges Industrial Power Transmission Industrial Fluid Power  Automotive Aftermarket Idea Submission Form  Promotions & Incentives  Solution Kits  Catalogs  Part Locator & Interchange  Imports  Parts Store Locators  Training  Cars & Light Trucks  Fleet & Heavy-Duty Aftermarket  Snowmobile & Sport  Auto OE Gates Brand Protection News Sitemap  Did You Know? Reverse flushing is the best way to change coolant because draining alone can leave as much as 30 to 50% of the old coolant in the engine block. Reverse flushing also helps dislodge deposits and scale that can interfere with good heat transfer.  Content Tools Feedback Form The world runs on Gates. For the past century Gates has been powering progress as one of the world’s leading parts manufacturers in the automotive industry, working with virtually every Original Equipment Manufacturer worldwide to design products for new vehicles as they are being developed. These strong relationships together with our commitment to continuous innovation enable us to offer a complete line of OE quality products for the Aftermarket. From Timing Belts to Micro-V Belts, Tensioners and Hose, for both import and domestic vehicles, you can be confident every time you sell or install Gates.  Idea Submission Form  Promotions & Incentives  Solution Kits  From belt jump off to chronic belt noise, Gates offers a line of specially engineered solutions to improve the reliability of Original Equipment drive systems. Catalogs  The 2011 Car & Light Truck Catalog is now available. View the most up-to-date Automotive part information possible. NaviGates Parts Application Database Catalogs in PDF Power Pro &reg;  Part Locator & Interchange  Part Locator lets you find the parts offered on your vehicle, while the Part Interchange allows you to enter a competitors part # and find the correct Gates part. Auto Parts Interchange Numerical Part Log Imports  Our strong relationships with Original Equipment Manufacturers worldwide and our commitment to continuous innovation enable us to develop products for the Aftermarket that meet or exceed the toughest OE performance specifications. Parts Store Locators  Find locations which carry the primary Gates lines of quality belts and hose plus related parts like belt tensioners/pulleys and clamps. Many carry our other lines of oil/fuel/radiator caps, thermostats, water pumps, and power steering assemblies, fleet & heavy duty, and hydraulics. Training  Here, Gates provides automotive installers with technical materials to help them do the job right - the first time - and eliminate costly comebacks. Cars & Light Trucks  Gates provides a host of superior auto parts including V-belts, synchronous belts, radiator hoses, hose fittings, crimpers, car hydraulics and power transmissions. Belts Belt Tensioners/Pulleys Automotive Hose Hydraulics Transmission Oil Cooler Assemblies Water Pumps Tools Power Steering techTIPS Clamps Consumer Maintenance Fleet & Heavy-Duty Aftermarket Gates offers The Best Fleet & Heavy-Duty Solutions Available In The Industry For over 100 years Gates has been the industry leader in innovation, durability and reliability for heavy-duty belts, hose and hydraulics. Heavy-Duty VIN Decoder Part Store Locator Products Tech Tips Trucks & Buses Snowmobile & Sport  Snowmobiles, marine, mini-bikes, all-terrain vehicles, golf carts, vintage snowmobiles and other recreational vehicles that utilize Gates parts. Snowmobile & ATV Marine   Sign up to receive our eNewsletter  Featured Product Part Interchanges  Part Store Locator  Auto Part Locator  ForWarehouse Distributors  Online Parts Application Database Welcome, register now and let us help you! Gates has PDF Catalogs, Online Design & Specification tools and more! Register now ! Already Registered? - Login Now  Recent News Gates Carbon Drive™ Targets eBike Market with New Belt Systems for Bosch, SRAM, MPF, BionX and Höganäs Motors Gates Corporation Helps Bottling Plant Managers Reduce Unnecessary Downtime Visit our news section to read all the latest news Copyright &copy; 1999-2013 Gates Disclaimer Warranty Privacy Terms Of Use Site Map 