  Our Services Include: Auto Maintenance Oil Changes AC &amp; Heating Repair Transmission Repair Auto Service Engine Repair Brake Repair Suspension Repair CALL: (623) 208-5550 17203 N 19th Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85023 Business Hours: Monday&ndash;Friday, 8 a.m.&ndash;5 p.m. Saturday, 9 a.m.&ndash;2 p.m.  Home Maintenance Services Engine Oil Changes Brakes AC & Heating Suspension Location Contact Us Privacy Policy  Auto Repair in Phoenix &amp; Glendale Bell Road Automotive specializes in auto repair in Phoenix. We have decades of experience working on all makes and models of cars, trucks and SUVs, including the most popular European and Asian automobiles. We are highly skilled and professionally trained in the latest auto repair techniques using high-tech automobile repair shop equipment. Call Bell Road Automotive today at (623) 208-5550 to schedule an auto repair service for engine repair , oil changes , brakes , AC &amp; heating , and suspension estimates. No job too big or too small!  First-Rate Auto Repair Diagnostics Is your vehicle making an odd noise or sound? Bring it to Bell Road Automotive and our team willrun a series of advanced auto repair diagnostic tests on it to determine the problem. We are equipped to repair problems that affect your vehicle's vital components, including the engine, brakes, suspension, steering system, transmission and climate control system. Service with Integrity At Bell Road Automotive, we fix headlights, taillights and everything in between. Whether you need preventative service or a major auto repair, you can count on us to take care of your car. We treat our customers with respect and honesty. You can count on us to provide straightforward suggestions for repairs; we don't sugarcoat anything and we never sell our customers anything that they don't need. Looking for an expert mechanic that can repair a range of common car problems? Call Bell Road Automotive today to learn more or to schedule Phoenix auto repair with an expert mechanic. We welcome customers throughout the Phoenix metropolitan area, including the surrounding areas of North Phoenix, Glendale, Peoria, Anthem, Carefree, Moon Valley, Paradise Valley and Scottsdale.  Industry Certifications: Master ASE &reg; Certified Member of the Better Business Bureau NAPA &reg; Car Care Certified L1 Advanced Diagnostics Certified Several Ford &reg; Certifications   Home | Maintenance | Services | Location | Contact Us Bell Road Automotive 17203 N 19th Avenue Phoenix, AZ 85023-2407  Phone:(623) 208-5550  