 x English Español English Français en es Products Retailer Locator Shop Online Support About Clek Register Contact Us foonf what’s the foonf ? the mother of all car seats Foonf is Clek’s no-compromise convertible child seat – introducing revolutionary safety technology, innovative convenience features, and recyclable . » Buy from a Retailer WATCH : “foonf there it is”  MANUFACTURED INCANADA x close Best-In-Class Safety Features Extended Rear-Facing use with all-around protection Extended Rear-Facing Installation Foonf was designed to international best practices for extended rear-facing use, which is to accommodate children in a rear-facing installation until their 4th birthday. Rigid Sub-Structure Foonf is reinforced by a steel and magnesium sub-structure. Structural Headrest with Deep Side Wings Energy-absorbing foam-lined Headrest connected to frame using steel rods provides maximum head protection in a side-impact collision. Energy-Absorbing Foam Layers Foam layers on both the inside and outside of the frame protect your child by absorbing energy in a side-impact collision, resulting in less force directly upon your child.  WATCH : Slow motion capture of Foonf side-impact collision testing Anti-Rebound Bar In Rear-Facing mode, Foonf’s Anti-Rebound bar improves stability by limiting rotation of the child seat, helping protect your child’s head from impact in the case of a collision. x close The Revolutionary REACT&trade; Safety System Reducing the forces transmitted to your forward-facing child in a frontal collision. REACT Safety System Rapid Energy Absorbing Crumple Technology In keeping with the American Academy of Pediatrics advice to keep toddlers in Rear-Facing car seats until age 2 (or until they reach the maximum height and weight for their seat), we sought out to design a child seat that reduces the forces on older children in car seats when they transition forward-facing. The REACT&trade; Safety System integrated into every Foonf child seat protects your child much like the crumple zones in the cars we drive &mdash; one of the most effective innovations in automotive safety. In a collision, the vehicle comes to an abrupt stop, but the child continues to move at the same speed. The less time that it takes for the child to come to a complete stop, the higher the forces exerted on the child. The REACT Safety System allows that sudden change in momentum to happen over a longer period of time through a series of controlled events. Foonf is designed to ride down the collision crumpling the aluminum honeycomb and absorbing energy from the collision resulting in less force transferred to the child. See how Foonf performs . Before Frontal Collision: Normal REACT Safety System After Frontal Collision: Crumpled REACT Safety System Designed for Comfort and Convenience + Styled to Match Child’s Individuality Featuring Clek’s signature Rigid-LATCH installation and a narrow width profile, Foonf actually makes a parent’s job easier. Rigid-LATCH Forward-Facing Installation  Over 80% of child seats in North America are not used properly. Hands down the easiest Forward-Facing installation in its class, Foonf’s Rigid-LATCH system makes proper Forward-Facing installation effortless. Improved Rear-Facing Installation  Unique design improves Rear-Facing installation with an easy-access belt path, small footprint and Anti-Rebound Bar that provide a snug installation with ease. Smooth Recline  Foonf includes an easy-to-engage, smooth recline function, making each ride more comfortable.  Foonf boasts a narrow width — under 17 in. (43 cm) at its widest point and 13 in. (33 cm) at the base — making 3-across seating possible. x close Watch Video GREENGUARD Select Certified  Crypton ® Super Fabrics are GREENGUARD Select Certified and provide permanent protection against stains, moisture and odor-causing bacteria. Not included with drift. Approved for use in Aircraft  Learn more about child safety on airplanes .  drift shadow dragonfly blue moon snowberry flamingo ® heartshades" class="lightbox-gallery-image" rel="6" /> PaulFrank ® heartshades ® faux-hawkjulius" class="lightbox-gallery-image" rel="7" /> PaulFrank ® faux-hawkjulius ® juliusstripe" class="lightbox-gallery-image" rel="8" /> PaulFrank ® juliusstripe = Crypton ® Super Fabric cover. Select a color above to see it larger. Specifications Seat Type Convertible Child Seat Seat Dimensions and Weight Seating Depth 12.5 in. (32 cm) Seating Height 21.5–26 in. (54.5-66 cm) Harness-Slot Height 10–17 in. (25.4-43.2 cm) Width 13-17 in. (33-43 cm) Fore-Aft Measurement in Rear-Facing 33 in. (84 cm) Height Measurement in Rear-Facing 25.75–28.5 in. (65-72 cm) Seat Weight in Forward-Facing 32 lb (14.5 kg) Seat Weight in Rear-Facing 36 lb (16.3 kg) Child Height, Weight and Age Mode Height Weight Minimum Age Rear-Facing 25–43 in. (64–110 cm) 14-50 lb 6.4-22.7 kg) Able to sit upright alone Forward-Facing 30–49 in. (76–124 cm) 20–65 lb (9.1–29.5 kg) 1 year (2+ years recommended*) *AAP (American Academy of Pediatrics) advises parents to keep their toddlers in Rear-Facing car seats until age 2, or until they reach the maximum height and weight for their seat. Products pictured without warning labels. Crypton ® is a registered trademark of Crypton, LLC. Paul Frank ® is a registered trademark of Paul Frank Industries USA. ©2012. Clek Product Recycling Program Yes, it is true. Clek products are recyclable — every part and piece through our recycling program. Recycle your seat after you are finished using it or if it has been in an accident. Learn how to recycle your Clek seat. x ® heartshades"/> ® faux-hawkjulius"/> ® juliusstripe"/> ©2013 Clek Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Trademarks | Media Information  Find your local retailer , or shop online . | Contact Us 