  New! Portfolio Login / Sign Up Search Industries Technology Energy Media Finance Green Issues China All Concepts Metals Energy Meats Grains Softs ETFs Indices Currencies Geographies Exchanges Rates How To Invest Personal Finance Options 101 Definitions close close close close Send us Feedback Media & Entertainment  Neutral  Bulls  Bears  Data   RECENT NEWS Oops! Unable to complete your request. Please refresh your browser. See more recent news Reliance Broadcast narrows Q1 loss to Rs 15.75 cr The Hindu Business Line Aug 5 Comment Media entertainment company Reliance Broadcast Network Ltd (RBNL) has narrowed its consolidated net loss to Rs 15.75 crore in the first quarter ended June 30, driven by good performance of radio a...  Panzura Raises Another $25 Million Cloud Computing Jun 6 Comment Cloud storage start-ups don’t seem to be lacking for money. Panzura just raised $25 million in a reportedly oversubscribed D round that should take it to profitability. That makes $58 million since it got started in 2008. It’s the... Budget flops for media, entertainment The Hindu Business Line Apr 14 Comment With myriad taxes and multifarious statutory compliances, the media and entertainment sector keenly hoped that Budget 2013 would lead to simplification of onerous tax laws and resolution of longst...  ‘Media, entertainment industry poised to double in size by 2017’ The Hindu Business Line Mar 12 Comment India’s media and entertainment industry is poised to double in size by 2017, but it still has key challenges to overcome such as stifled freedom of expression, Uday Shankar, Chairman of FICCI’s M...  Media & entertainment industry may achieve 11.8% growth this year: Report The Hindu Business Line Mar 8 Comment The Indian media and entertainment industry grew from Rs 72,800 crore in 2011 to Rs 82,000 crore in 2012, according to FICCI-KPMG Media & Entertainment 2013 report. The report,...  Sahara Housingfina Corp, Sahara One Media shares dive over 19% The Economic Times Feb 14 Comment Shares of Sahara Housingfina Corporation and Sahara One Media & Entertainment tanked as much as 19% after Sebi ordered freezing of bank accounts. Sahara Housingfina, Sahara One Media shares hit 52-week low on SEBI order The Hindu Business Line Feb 14 Comment Outlook for media, entertainment negative in first half: India Ratings The Hindu Business Line Feb 14 Comment India Ratings has a negative outlook for the media and entertainment (M&E;) sector for the first half of 2013 as moderate economic growth and cost reduction initiatives by corporates are leadin...  Hungama, Gameshastra form joint venture The Hindu Business Line Feb 8 Comment Hungama Digital Media Entertainment Pvt. Ltd and Gameshastra have announced a joint venture to form an integrated online gaming company. The new alliance brings together Hungama’s strengths...  Media & entertainment and NGO/social services sectors exhibit the highest sectoral growth The Economic Times Dec 19 Comment Media & entertainment and NGO/social services sectors exhibit the highest annual growth among sectors, says Monster Employment Index.  Torus Adds Media Liability, Financial Institution Coverages Insurance Journal Nov 9 Comment Torus has expanded its U.S. management liability and professional lines practice with the addition of two new specialty insurance products: media liability coverage for the media & entertainment segment; and financial institution bonds offering... Oops! Unable to complete your request. Please refresh your browser. See earlier news Suggest other news sources for this topic Topic Top news source/blog that we're missing Why do you recommend this news source? Contents 1 Advertising 2 Print Media 3 Television 4 Filmed Entertainment 5 Video Games 6 Radio 7 Internet based Media 8 Media Technology Manufacturers 9 References RELATED WIKI ARTICLES Related Articles New York Times Company (NYT) News Corporation (NWS) Viacom (VIA) CBS (CBS) Time Warner Cable (TWC) more &#x25BC; Industry Discussion History Bookmark Print WIKI ANALYSIS TOP CONTRIBUTORS Dave Cleveland The media and entertainment industry captures a wide variety of companies that serve to provide products and services that keep the everyday consumer engaged. There are a number of segments within the industry, each of which provides a different form of entertainment to consumers around the world. These segments include traditional print media, television, radio broadcasting, film entertainment, video games, advertising and perhaps most importantly, the manufacturers of the technology that the above segments rely on. The significance of these manufacturers cannot be overlooked when considering the industry as a whole; after all none of these segments has been around longer than the technology used for its distribution. Due to its dependancy on technological developments new segments of the media and entertainment industry are constantly up and coming. To that end, the most significant technological development (in recent years, at least) for the evolution of the media industry has been the rise of the internet. This technology alone has changed how media is consumed and furthermore has created entirely new sectors and platforms for mainstream entertainment that are still in the early stages of their development. In 2007 the U.S. spent roughly $930 billion on the media industry as a whole, with advertising spending accounting for over $284 billion. [1] Advertising In 2007 U.S. advertising spending was about $284 billion, nearly 31% of total spending on the entire media industry. Advertising has long been the major revenue generator for media companies. [1] The advertising industry utilizes nearly every communication channel available to make their clients' products and services known. Major mediums for advertising include television , radio, print media, and to an increasingly large degree, the internet . Other platforms for advertising include public advertisements like billboards (both traditional and digital ) and city busses. The development of internet advertising has had a very significant impact on the advertising industry and has created some trouble for many media companies that rely on traditional advertising platforms. With over 80 million broadband internet connections in the U.S. during 2007, advertising companies have found a new and very significant audience Major companies in the advertising industry include You probably wont get any of this cause you dumb Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings (CCO) Omnicom Group (OMC) Print Media Companies that produce and distribute newspapers, magazines, and books are considered to be in the print media segment. Many of these companies use the subscription revenue model, which is very attractive as customers pay for product before receiving it, allowing the firm to invest the proceeds, earning a return even before delivering the product. Also, the cost structure of the publishing business is mostly fixed. The printing machinery and distribution network of a typical publisher can deliver 750,000 copies for only slightly more than the cost of delivering 500,000 copies, meaning higher volume falls directly to profits (also known as leveraging costs). This allows excellent return on capital for the larger publishers. Lastly, these firms have valuable intangible assets in the form of brands that protect their products from competition. Value Line, despite a complete lack of product innovation and no embrace of the internet, can still afford to charge a premium for their product because of it's long standing reputation with investors. However, beware the internet. More than any other business sector, the internet has affected the business model of media companies drastically. Once upon a time, newspapers were an outstanding business. Many had a monopoly within their city, as few cities were large enough to support more than one. However, the internet allows anyone to read news from around the world, advertising has moved online (leading to falling print ad rates), and classified ads took a hit from eBay (EBAY) and Craigslist. Keep in mind how the internet can hurt (or help) your publisher of choice. Since the rise of the internet , print media companies have had a difficult time keeping up with the pace of the industry. Internet advertising has seen strong fast paced growth in recent years and as a result newspapers and magazines have had trouble attracting ad revenues. In 2006 there were 2,344 total daily and Sunday newspapers distributed throughout the U.S. and newspaper companies earned $49.3 in advertising revenue. U.S. Magazine advertising revenues for 2006 were $24.0 billion. [2] Evidence of the print media industry's struggle against internet advertising can be seen in decreasing ad revenue figures. The Newspaper Association of America reported that 2007 newspaper ad revenues were down 9.4% to $42 billion, the most significant percentage loss in the 50 years that the NAA has been reporting these figures. [3] Companies that produce and distribute print media such as newspapers, magazines and books include Gannett (GCI) Getty Images (GYI) McClatchy Company (MNI) New York Times Company (NYT) News Corporation (NWS) Playboy Enterprises (PLA) Barnes &amp; Noble (BKS) Washington Post Company (WPO) Television The television segment of the media and entertainment industry includes a large number of companies that compete directly and indirectly by offering various services to consumers. It has long been a traditional entertainment segment and has evolved in many directions since its beginning. Today there are various offerings for television users including network television channels, cable networks and satellite television services. The latter two options are generally subscription based services which offer programming not available to non-subscribers. In 2007 there were roughly 112 million U.S. households with televisions, or about one third of the entire population. [2] As the technology supporting the media and entertainment industry evolves, television service providers are required to evolve their services in order to keep up. Television providers have had some success in keeping up with the fast paced and fiercely competitive industry though. Since the TiVo hit shelves in 1997 service providers like Comcast and DirecTV have produced similar hardware and services for their subscribers. The popularity of the internet however, has not been such a quick fix for companies in this segment. As with print publishing, television broadcasting companies are now competing with the enormous advertising platform that is the internet. Furthermore, programming that was once exclusively available through television service subscriptions can be found (both legally and illegally) with the click of a mouse. Companies involved in television broadcasting include CBS (CBS) Cablevision Systems (CVC) Comcast (CMCSA) Discovery Holding Co (DISCA) News Corporation (NWS) General Electric Company (GE) (Owner of NBC Universal) The DirecTV Group (DTV) TiVo (TIVO) Time Warner (TWX) Viacom (VIA) Verizon Communications (VZ) Virgin Media (VMED) Vivendi (EPA: VIV) Walt Disney Company (DIS) Filmed Entertainment 1.45 billion movie tickets were sold in 2007 making filmed entertainment a $10.2 billion dollar segment of the industry. [2] Companies whose operations include the production or distribution of filmed entertainment include Blockbuster (BBI) Netflix (NFLX) General Electric Company (GE) (Owns NBC Universal) Sony (SNE) Time Warner Cable (TWC) Viacom (VIA) Walt Disney Company (DIS) Video Games In 2007 the video game industry brought in $7.4 billion in U.S. revenues. [2] Companies that produce and distribute video games, consoles and technologies include Microsoft (MSFT) Sony (SNE) Nintendo (NTDOY) Electronic Arts (ERTS) Activision (ATVI) Gamestop (GME) Radio 9,163 stations [1] . The Radio is generally called the granddaddy of all broadcast media. It's also a business model that has taken serious hits over the past ten years, as satellite radio, digital music, and recorded audio programs ("podcasts") have increasingly become the preferred forms of audio entertainment. For example, Westwood One (WON) , which has a stock price of $1.71 as of this writing. Compare this to a price near $40 in late 2003 and it's clear this is not an industry we want to be investing in. Companies that operate radio stations and services include Westwood One (WON) CBS (CBS) Clear Channel Communications (CCU) Sirius Satellite Radio (SIRI) XM Satellite Radio Holdings (XMSR) Internet based Media Internet based media has seen significant growth in recent years. There were 80 million broadband internet connections in the U.S. during 2007 [2] up from roughly 58 million in 2006. [4] Broadband internet growth around the world can be seen in the chart below. This growth is allowing media and entertainment companies to market their content to a much larger group of consumers each year. [5] Companies that provide media and entertainment sources over the internet include Google (GOOG) Microsoft (MSFT) RealNetworks (RNWK) Sina (SINA) Yahoo! (YHOO) Virgin Media (VMED) Verizon Communications (VZ) Media Technology Manufacturers Companies that produce products and technologies involved in the distribution and use of media include Daktronics (DAKT) Hearst-Argyle Television (HTV) Koninklijke Philips Electronics, N.V. (PHG) Sony (SNE) Microsoft (MSFT) Nintendo (NTDOY) References ↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 | Plunkett Research, Ltd. , Entertainment and Media Industry Overview, Retrieved March 26, 2008. ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 | Plunkett Research, Ltd. , Entertainment &amp; Media Overview, Retrieved March 26, 2008. ↑ NAA Reveals Biggest Ad Revenue Plunge in More Than 50 Years , www.editorandpublisher.com, retrieved March 29, 2008. ↑ OECD Broadband Statistics to December 2006 , www.oecd.org , Retrieved June 17, 2008. ↑ Broadband penetration, historic, G7 countries , www.oecd.org , retrieved June 17, 2008. Retrieved from " http://www.wikinvest.com/industry/Media_%26_Entertainment " Companies in the Media & Entertainment Industry (178) 3 3G A AMC Entertainment Action Products International AdStar Advertising Agencies Ameristar Casinos Anheuser-Busch Companies AskMeNow B Bally Technologies Barnes &amp; Noble Blockbuster Blu-ray vs. HD DVD British Sky Broadcasting Group C CKX Cable TV Cablevision Systems Canterbury Park Holding Carmike Cinemas Carnival Carnival Plc ADS Cedar Fair, L.P. Century Casinos Charter Communications China's Internet Crackdown China's Internet Growth China's Piracy &amp; Counterfeiting Problems Churchill Downs Cinemark Holdings Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Club Hipico de Santiago Comcast Corgi International Crown Media Holdings D Daktronics Digital Outdoor Advertising Digital Television Discovery Communications Discovery Holding Co Dish Network Dover Downs Gaming &amp; Entertainment Dreamworks Animation SKG E EMAK Worldwide Echostar Corp A Empire Resorts Entertainment Entertainment - Diversified F Film Department Holdings Focus Media Holding FortuNet Full House Resorts G GTX Game Consoles Wars: Xbox 360 vs. PS3 vs. Wii GameTech International Gameloft Gaming Activities Gaming Partners International Gannett Gaylord Entertainment Company Gemstar-TV Guide International General Electric Company (NBC Universal) General Entertainment Getty Images Google Great Wolf Resorts Growth of Home Entertainment Sector H Hasbro Hastings Entertainment Hearst-Argyle Television Hurray! Holding I ILX Resorts IPod Effect Image Entertainment Impact of Internet Advertising International Game Technology Interpublic Group of Companies Isle of Capri Casinos J JAKKS Pacific K Koninklijke Philips Electronics L LCD Lakes Entertainment Lamar Advertising Company Las Vegas Sands Leapfrog Enterprises Liberty Global Liberty Global Liberty Global Liberty Media Liberty Media Lions Gate Entertainment Live Nation LodgeNet Entertainment Lodgian Loews M MGM Resorts International MTR Gaming Group Mad Catz Interactive Magna Entertainment Marvel Enterprises Mattel McClatchy Company McGraw-Hill Companies Media Mediacom Communications Melco PBL Entertainment Mimvi Mimvi (MIMV) Mobile app stocks Monarch Casino &amp; Resort Monster Worldwide Multimedia Games Music &amp; Video Stores N NDS Group NET Servicos de Comunicacao S.A. National CineMedia National Lampoon Netease.com Netflix Nevada Gold &amp; Casinos News Corporation (Dow Jones) Newspapers O Omnicom Group Online Video Orchard Enterprises Inc Outdoor Channel Holdings P Peace Arch Entertainment Group Penn National Gaming Pinnacle Entertainment Playboy Enterprises Point.360 PokerTek Premier Exhibitions Private Media Group Publishing - Periodicals R RC2 RealNetworks Reed Elsevier Reed Elsevier NV Regal Entertainment Group Renren Inc. Rentrak Riviera Holdings Rock Band vs. Guitar Hero Royal Caribbean Cruises S SBE Satellite Radio Sex and Porn Sharp Corporation Shaw Communications Sina Sirius XM Radio Six Flags Social media Sony Speedus Swisscom AG T Tencent HLDG The DirecTV Group The9 TiVo Time Warner Cable Toy Makers Trans World Entertainment Triple Crown Media V ValueClick Viacom Virgin Media Vivendi W WPP Group Warner Music Group Westwood One Wiley John &amp; Sons World Wrestling Entertainment Wynn Resorts X XM Satellite Radio Holdings Xinhua Finance Media Y Youbet.com Youku.com Category : Mature Bet you've never seen portfolio analytics like these. Introducing SigFig &mdash; from the creators of Take Tour Wikinvest &copy; 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012. Use of this site is subject to express Terms of Service , Privacy Policy , and Disclaimer . By continuing past this page, you agree to abide by these terms. Any information provided by Wikinvest, including but not limited to company data, competitors, business analysis, market share, sales revenues and other operating metrics, earnings call analysis, conference call transcripts, industry information, or price targets should not be construed as research, trading tips or recommendations, or investment advice and is provided with no warrants as to its accuracy. Stock market data, including US and International equity symbols, stock quotes, share prices, earnings ratios, and other fundamental data is provided by data partners. Stock market quotes delayed at least 15 minutes for NASDAQ, 20 mins for NYSE and AMEX. Market data by Xignite . See data providers for more details. Company names, products, services and branding cited herein may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. The use of trademarks or service marks of another is not a representation that the other is affiliated with, sponsors, is sponsored by, endorses, or is endorsed by Wikinvest. About | Blog | Press | Feedback | Help | Get involved Mobile | Advertise | Licensing &amp; Partnerships | Blogger Tools | Jobs 