 Home | Articles | Books | News | Register | Contact Us | My Account Articles Books Free eBooks News  Article Categories Arts and Entertainment Arts and Entertainment Astrology Casino Gambling Humanities Humor Movies Movies TV Music Painting Performing Arts Philosophy Photography Poetry Tattoos Theater TV Visual Graphic Arts Automotive Book Reviews Books Business Communications Computers and Technology Education Electronics Employment Energy Finance Food and Drinks Gaming Government Health and Fitness Hobbies Home and Family Home Improvement Insurance Internet and Businesses Online Investing Jewelry Kids and Teens Legal Living News and Society Pets Real Estate Relationships Religion Sales and Marketing Self Improvement Shopping and Product Reviews Sports and Recreation Technology Travel Women's Interests Writing and Speaking More Info Free e-Books Register Here About Us Answers Contact Us Affiliates Home : Arts and Entertainment / Humor How To Bunk Classes! Rss Feed By: Masroor Print Article | Send to a Friend | | | It is an art which demands full devotion from its artist. It is the talent with which only a few of us are blessed. The rest of us may acquire success in carrying it out, but for perfection we need to undergo harsh experiences. We need to get immune to insults in order to get to our ultimate goal -- freedom from boredom. Bunking classes is no easy task. It is the only art known to me that requires involvement of both heart and mind. One needs to have the heart to miss classes (if you are already a perfectionist you will not find it to be a problem) and an intellectual mind to help one do that. 'Bunker', as he is known to the majority of the student folk, should possess firm determination and a conscience which hardly shows up. A person of less resolve may be carried away by teachers' advice of giving up this sacred ritual. In order to bunk classes, one needs to be determined and consider attending classes as the action of cowards and losers. With this attitude, no advice, no threat, nothing can snatch away your freedom from you and you will always dwell in your beautiful world of no-studies. You need to start observing the behaviour of teachers and the head staff on the very first day in your educational institution. But, even if you are in the middle of the semester, don't worry, it's never too late. The results should be carefully noted down somewhere, preferably in the practical's journal. Apparatus: 1) A few pages 2) A pen Procedure: 1) Move towards the canteen to join your friends as soon as the bell rings, signaling the start of the first lesson. 2) Stay in the canteen for a safe period of time and then move towards the play ground. Hazards: 1) A teacher might catch you roaming around in the school. Precautions: 1) Always think of an excuse before commencing the great journey. In this case you show the teachers those pages you brought along and say that you were out there to complete your assignment on nature and found the college playground to be the most natural place in the world! 2) Always change places every day while bunking classes so that no one catches you twice on the same spot, having the time of your life. 3) Never confront the teachers whose classes you have bunked the same day. 4) NEVER FEEL GUILTY. Bunking classes is a universal art, carried out by students worldwide (especially this part of the world). The art should be kept alive for the generations of students yet to come. HAIL ALL BUNKERS! TRCB Recommends! Check this out Masroor manages the SourceONE, marketing and content manager in a global marketing field. If you would like to know more about email marketing or if you are looking for service providers in this domain, please contact us at www.mahaan.net . I can give you a list and comparison of some good companies providing affordable online marketing solutions. tags: Bunk | Classes Article Rating (4 stars): Rate this Article: Article Word Count: 431 | Total Views: 3970 | permalink Print Article | Send to a Friend | | | Popular Articles by Masroor Disadvantages of Using Mobile Phone 3G Network and Mobile Phones in Pakistan Global Recession And Implications For Developing Countries How To Bunk Classes! How to Microsoft Access Creating Calculated Fields? Popular Articles in Humor How To Bunk Classes! Job in MicroSoft - Tomato Story An Idiot's Guide to American Football Microsoft VS General Motors Barack Obama: Not Funny? Popular Articles in Arts and Entertainment Beautiful Girls Wallpapers How To Bunk Classes! Best of 2008: Comedy Movies Winter Wallpapers Othello and the Light  Author Register | Article Quick Search | Article Categories | Most Recent Articles | Author Spotlight About Us | Contact Us | Terms of Service | Editorial Guidelines | Privacy Policy 