    Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Blog Main Navigation Explore Kentucky Exploring Kentucky Cities & Towns Lakes & Rivers Kentucky Regions Tours, Byways, and Trails About Kentucky There's Only One State Parks Family Fun Local Tourism Offices Articles Places to Stay Search Places to Stay Bed & Breakfasts / Historic Inns Cabins, Cottages & Condos Campgrounds Hotels/Motels Houseboats Resorts & Lodges RV Parks Unique Lodging Events Events Search Featured Events Things to Do Search Things to Do Agritourism Attractions Bourbon Country Food & Dining Golf History & Heritage Horses Music & Arts Nightlife Shopping Sports Wineries & Breweries Outdoor Adventure Maps Interactive Map Other Kentucky Maps Lincoln Trail Map Hatfield-McCoy Map Travel Tools Search Travel Tools Visitors Guide & Map Transportation Weather Welcome Centers International Visitor Travel Tips Trip Planner Connect with Kentucky Photos &amp; Video Photo Gallery Videos HOME &#187; Things to Do &#187; Music &amp; Arts &#187; Live Entertainment/Theater Share Print Page My Trip Search Things to Do Agritourism Attractions Bourbon Country Food & Dining Golf History & Heritage Horses Music & Arts Arts and Crafts Live Entertainment/Theater Music Nightlife Shopping Sports Wineries & Breweries   Learn about Kentucky's natural diversity and beauty. Come explore the wonder of  the Commonwealth's four major regions.     Whatever your interest or passion, we invite you to use this guide to help you plan  your stay in Kentucky.    Live Entertainment/Theater Kentucky&rsquo;s live entertainment options accommodate every interest and every pocketbook. Catch a live theater show at the Louisville Actors Theatre and listen to bluegrass music at a Kentucky bluegrass festival . Dance and other forms of entertainment are available throughout the state. In the larger urban areas you&rsquo;ll find performances of world-class theater and classical music, while in many smaller towns you can kick back and listen to bluegrass music or country tunes. Check the listings below for a guide to suit your interest and budget. Look below to find great entertainment venues such as the Lousiville Actors Theatre and more!  BY KEYWORD: Choose from one or more of these options and click SEARCH (and/or) Type: -- All Types -- Live Music/Show Outdoor Drama Performing Arts Facility Playhouse/Theater (and/or) Region: -- All Regions -- Bluegrass Region Bluegrass, Blues &amp; Barbecue Bourbon, Horses &amp; History Caves, Lakes &amp; Corvettes Daniel Boone Country Kentucky's Appalachians Northern Kentucky River Region Western Waterlands (and/or) City: -- All Cities -- Bardstown Bowling Green Caneyville Corbin Covington Cumberland Danville Draffenville Falmouth Frankfort Franklin Georgetown Grand Rivers Greenville Hardin Harrodsburg Hazard Hopkinsville Lexington London Louisville Murray Newport Oak Grove Owensboro Paducah Pikeville Prestonsburg Renfro Valley Rosine Springfield    Showing 1 - 10 of 88 / Page:  Prev | 1 2 3 4 5 ... | Next Go to Letter: A B C D E F G I J K L M N O P R S T U V W All 10 per page 25 per page 50 per page 100 per page Lexington Children's Theatre  Lexington, KY www.lctonstage.org A professional, non-profit theater company dedicated to providing quality theater productions for children. Lexington Opera House  Lexington, KY www.lexingtonoperahouse.com Originally built in1886 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Lexington Opera House is known as one of the premiere performing arts centers in the region... Lexington Philharmonic  Lexington, KY www.lexphil.org Live concerts. London Community Orchestra  London, KY www.londoncommunityorchestra.com Louisville Ballet  Louisville, KY www.louisvilleballet.org One of the Country's leading regional ballet companies presenting diverse performances throughout their season. The Louisville Orchestra  Louisville, KY www.louisvilleorchestra.org Louisville Palace  Louisville, KY www.louisvillepalace.com The Louisville Palace is a historic venue and it opened in 1928. Located in downtown Louisville this hidden gem offers not only musical and performance excellence but is also ... Maiden Alley Cinema & Gallery  Paducah, KY maidenalleycinema.com/ Paducah Film Society programming includes independent, classic andchildren's films. Host to the annual 48 Hour Film Project and Rivers'Edge International Film Festival.E... Market House Theatre  Paducah, KY mhtplay.com/ Nationally recognized, award-winning community theatre has beenproducing musicals, dramas and comedies for the past 47 years.Box Office and Administration, 132 Market Ho... Mellwood Arts & Entertainment Center  Louisville, KY www.mellwoodartcenter.com The Mellwood Arts and Entertainment Center is a 360,000 square foot home to over 200 artist studios, specialty stores, galleries, teaching studios, office spaces, rehear...   Showing 1 - 10 of 88 / Page 1 of 9 : Prev | 1 2 3 4 5 ... | Next    Sign up now to receive special announcements, packages, deals, and travel coupons.  Maximize your travels!      Home / E-Newsletter / Site Map / Privacy Policy / Disclaimer / Accessibility THE OFFICIAL SITE OF THE KENTUCKY DEPARTMENT OF TRAVEL  Capital Plaza Tower 22nd Floor, 500 Mero Street, Frankfort, KY 40601 1-800-225-8747   &copy;  2013, Kentucky Department of Travel. All rights reserved. Web Design &amp; Search Engine Optimization by Aristotle ®  Media Meeting Planners Tour Operators Industry Partners Contact Us Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feeds Kentucky State Parks Kentucky Adventures  