 Close message Cars Prestige Cars Bikes Vans Motorhomes Caravans Trucks Farm Plant  Top Navigation Important Information and User Account Management: Safety advice : ALERT: Important safety information: please read Your thoughts Cookie policy  We use cookies. Read our policy. Mobile Main Site Navigation: Buy a car Sell my car New cars &amp; reviews DEALS Find a dealer Car insurance Vehicle check Car valuations More motoring needs... Car loans &amp; finance Car warranties GAP insurance Personalised plates Access User Account: My garage My saved items Manage my ad Manage my profile  Hello.  Sign in or  register Sign Out My Account Staying safe on Auto Trader <div class="ss-warning-message">  <h3>Attention: New phishing scam</h3>  <a href="" class="link-button-98">Find out more about phishing</a> </div> Buy and sell with confidence Buying or selling a car should be a pleasant, hassle-free experience‚ and at Auto Trader we do everything we can to make sure that's the case. Our handy hints and tips will ensure you stay safe online, whether you're buying or selling a car. Spotted an issue we should know about? Let us know  Contact us or call us on 0845 071 0487 1 We advertise cars on our website But we don’t own, buy or sell any of the vehicles advertised on our website. 3 Shipping services We don’t offer any kind of shipping service for vehicles. Never send money for a vehicle you haven’t seen. 2 We don’t offer payment services Auto Trader don’t provide or recommend any payment services or get involved in transactions between buyers and sellers. 4 Emails We’ll keep in touch by email but we’ll never ask for your personal or financial information via email or text. Safety tips for sellers Safety tips for buyers  Other places to go for advice You'll find lots of tips and advice to help you buy or sell a car in this section. However, there are many other organisations and industry bodies that can also provide help: Get Safe Online offers help and advice to avoid scams and stay safe on the internet. Citizens Advice can provide advice on your consumer rights. Action Fraud is the UK's national online crime reporting centre. The DVLA maintains registers of drivers and vehicles. GOV.UK has official advice about MOT and emissions tests, insurance and more. Safe payments No matter whether you're buying or selling, a smooth payment is the best way to end a successful transaction. Read here to understand the main payment options available and how to take the risk out of making or receiving a payment. Whatever method of payment you choose, never send money for a vehicle you haven't seen. Payment advice Online scams Just like every part of the internet, the world of buying and selling cars can attract fraudsters. So you don't get taken in read this information and learn how to stay safe online, how to spot a scam and the warning signs to look out for. Common scams Checking a vehicle Once you've found a car you like, it's important you spend some time checking it over. Make sure you know what to check and where you can get further information. Vehicle advice  Useful links About Contact Press centre Advertising agencies Careers Terms of use Privacy policy &amp; cookies Accessibility statement &copy; Trader Publishing Limited 2013 Auto Trader Ireland CarZone.ie Auto Trader South Africa &#31532;&#19968;&#36710;&#32593; Top Marques Carsales Australia Automotive Digital Marketing Bike Trader Motorhome Trader Caravan Trader Used Ford Used Vauxhall Used BMW Used VW Used Peugeot Used Renault Used Mercedes Benz Used Audi Cheap cars Car dealers Car insurance Car loans Car valuations Vehicle check GAP insurance Sell my car Get Auto Trader on all your Mobile devices Dealers wanting to advertise on Auto Trader Visit our Commercial Trader platforms Van Trader Truck Trader Plant Trader Farmers Trader Find us on: Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Add to circles on Google + Subscribe to our newsletter  