  Skip to main content This page location is: University of Colorado Denver College of Arts and Media Programs Music &amp; Entertainment Industry Studies Pages index Sign In  Home Future Students Current Students Faculty &amp; Staff Patients Alumni University of Colorado Denver A-Z | Portals | Blackboard | eCollege | Web Mail All Sites This Site: Music & Entertainment Industry Studies People -------------------------------------------- Architecture and Planning Arts and Media Business School Dental Medicine Education and Human Dev. Engineering and Applied Science Graduate School Liberal Arts and Sciences Medicine Nursing Pharmacy Public Affairs Public Health ------------------------------------------- Search:  About CAM The Dean's Welcome The Dean's Office Our Educational Goals Our Mission Our History Bragging Rights King Center Partners Auraria Parking Map Contact Us Alumni The CAM Alumni Association Alumni Short Stories Be a mentor, guest speaker... Career Services for Alumni Give to the College of Arts & Media Hire a Student Join the CAM Alumni Association Ways to Keep in Touch Departments Music & Entertainment Industry Studies Theatre, Film & Video Production Visual Arts Event Series Film Events Music Events Music Student Recital and Ensemble Performance Theatre Productions Visual Arts Events King Center Map (Google) King Center Box Office Contact Us Faculty & Staff Programs Currently selected Music Business Performance Recording Arts Singer-Songwriter Film and Television Theatre Art History Digital Animation Digital Design Illustration Painting and Drawing Photography Scientific Media Design Sculpture Transmedia Student Resources New & Potential Students Degrees We Offer Advising 101 Newly Admitted, 1st Semester Students Current Students Forms/"How To" Internships Scholarships Office Location Map Contact Us Home &gt; Programs &gt; Department of Music & Entertainment Industry Studies (MEIS)  Major Requirements & Degree Plans (BS) Music Business (BS) Recording Arts (BS) Performance (BS) Singer-Songwriter (BS) Future Students MEIS Admissions Applied Music Lessons Music Theory and Ear Training Placement Tests Ensemble Information Faculty Performance Jury Examination Forms Rockley Piano Sale Commercial Voice Program Drumset and Percussion Program Audition Information Drumset and Percussion Program Guitar Program 2013 Guitar Festival Audition Information Chord and Melody Audition Example Concert Series Course Information Guitar Faculty Mission Statement Piano Program Piano Audition Information Piano Program Faculty Piano Lab Overview Piano Faculty Listening String Program String Program Faculty Wind and Brass Program Wind and Brass Audition Information Wind and Brass Applied Faculty Page Content Local Navigation Quick Links MEIS Major Entrance Requirements - Fall 2013 Semester​ AMMA Entrance Exam - Online - Fall 2013 Semester​ ​​ Applied Lessons Audition Application Audition Deferment Form Admission Application - Recording Arts ​    ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ Department of Music &amp; Entertainment Industry Studies (MEIS) College of Arts &amp; Media Page Image  CAM Jam Event  Page Content The Music &amp; Entertainment Industry Studies (MEIS) Department offers a Bachelor of Science in Music designed to prepare students for a variety of alternative careers in the arts and entertainment industries. The MEIS Department primarily focuses on commercial music styles. Students are given the option to choose from four distinct emphasis areas of study: Performance, Singer/Songwriter, Music Business, and Recording Arts*. Our Bachelor of Science in Music provides students with opportunities to: Work one-on-one with professors and instructors in small classes. Develop a strong foundation in musicianship, performance, and music history. Project the culmination of an academic and artistic journey, and celebrate passage into the next phase of development through senior portfolios, recitals, and capstone projects. Learn how to proceed into areas of professional practice or progress to advanced studies in graduate school. Pursue internship opportunities in a variety of dynamic industries. Explore musical abilities outside of the classroom through independent projects.   The MEIS Department prides itself on its cutting-edge technology and pristine performance facilities including: 5 Recording Studios Three studios include Surround Sound capabilities. Four studios are ProTools HD equipped. Consoles include Portico 5088, Yamaha DM2000, DigiDesign Control 24 and Mackie 32x8 Bus. Workstations include ProTools, LogicPro and others for mastering, sequencing and synthesis applications. Large inventory of microphones and outboard equipment. Vintage keys collection which includes DX-7, ARP Odyssey, ARP 2600, MiniMoog, PolyMoog, D-10, YC-30, B3, and Rhodes. MIDI ​lab featuring ProTools &amp; Logic. 16-station piano lab featuring Apple Macintosh iMac computers with a wide selection of musical and songwriting/composition software applications. Eight private teaching studios for voice, piano, guitar, bass, stings, horn, drum kit, and percussion. 12 student practice suites. Supplemental access to 3 College of Arts &amp; Media computer labs. The King Academic &amp; Performing Arts Center  which houses a 500- seat Concert Hall, 200-seat Recital Hall, and Recording Facility. Please visit our portfolio site for images of our facilities at: http://www.camarts.org/#facilities .   In addition to the Bachelor of Science in Music, the MEIS Department also offers a Master of Science in Recording Arts . ​Want to meet with a faculty member in your area of interest? Want to meet with an academic advisor to learn more about degree requirements? Give us a call at (303) 556-2279. ​ ​PLEASE VISIT:     www.camarts.org Our portfolio website dedicated to showcase CAM's student and faculty work online! The MEIS Department offers a BACHELOR OF SCIENCE (BS) in Music with an emphasis in:      Performance      Singer/Songwriter      Music Business  (Audition and Non-Audition Track)      Recording Arts * (Audition and Non-Audition Track)   *The Recording Arts area has an additional competitive admission application that is separate and distinct from the competitive admission to the MEIS Department.   MEIS Major Requirements &amp; Degree Plans (BS) The Music and Entertainment Industry Studies program has two main tracks: the Audition Track and the Non-Audition track.  The Audition Track strongly emphasizes performance and musicianship while the Non-Audition Track is designed for students who are not currently musicians and provides a broad overview of various performance and musicianship topics. Students who wish to pursue the Performance or Singer/Songwriter emphasis must complete an audition as part of their application requirements. Students who wish to pursue the Music Business or Recording Arts emphasis may opt to complete the Audition Track or the Non-Audition Track. The Audition Track requires students to complete an audition as part of their application requirements.   Learn more about the Audition vs. Non-Audition Track . Please see below for a further explanation of the four emphasis areas in the Bachelor of Science in Music degree program.  If you have any further questions, please see the CU Denver Course Catalog​ , or contact a CAM advisor  for more information. Performance:   Students perfect their talents and increase their overall musical understanding and appreciation in jazz, pop/rock, commercial, classical, and experimental music styles.  The program includes specialized courses in small performance ensembles, applied study, contemporary improvisation, and analysis, culminating in the presentation of a junior and senior recital. Explore this emphasis or contact a CAM advisor for further information.     Singer/Songwriter: This innovative emphasis targets Singer/Songwriters who perform their own original compositions. Students develop performance, arranging, and songwriting skills to enter a highly competitive market as both singers and instrumental a accompanists.   Explore this emphasis or contact a CAM advisor for further information.    Music Business:  This program prepares students for careers in the rapidly expanding music business industry; graduates are able to enter such fields as artist management, music publishing, concert promotion, and record production.  This Performance Based Studies emphasis develops numerous skills relative to the successful playing, promotion, and appreciation of music.  Explore this emphasis or contact a CAM advisor  for further information. Recording Arts:   This area of study addresses contemporary technology in studio recording, sound reinforcement, audio for film and television, surround sound, and electronic music; it is intended to develop skills for creative musicians, producers, and technicians using both analog and digital technology. Explore this emphasis or contact a CAM advisor  for further information. Admissions: Any student wishing to study in the MEIS Department must be admitted as both a student of the University of Colorado Denver and as a Music major. Admission into the MEIS Department is selective and based on several factors including previous academic records, the student's test score on the AMMA Exam, and audition performance (if applicable). For more information on the MEIS Entrance Requirements please refer to the MEIS Admissions  page. Students who wish to transfer to the College of Arts &amp; Media from another college or school at the University of Colorado Denver must formally apply to the MEIS Department.  Students will be considered for admission on their overall GPA from CU and all previous institutions as well as the additional MEIS Entrance Requirements. To learn more about the admissions process, auditioning, or to answer any questions you might have, please contact the College of Arts &amp; Media’s Advising Office or 303.556.2279.​​ Page Content Sidebar   News &amp; Events         College of Arts &amp; Media Event Calendar » Student Danny Maurer has been selected to participate in a highly coveted Hollywood internship program​   »​​ ​  ​Storm Gloor has been elected as MEIEA's vice president​...  »​​ MIX is the BOSS! MIX was awarded first place and at BOSS... ​  ​​  »​ CAM Records USB Wristbands are available for purchase! » The Fray - They learned the Music Business here » CAM Bragging Rights about Faculty, Staff, Students and Alumni   » Other Links Faculty King Center Box Office MEIS Student Handbook​ (PDF) Master of Science Degree in Recording Arts Program (MS) National Center for  Media Forensics  ​ Recording Arts Facilities and Equipment Office Location Map​ Facilities Support the college Contact Us Register for classes Event Series Academic Advising Alumni Resources Facebook Twitter Flickr Contact Us  |  Website Feedback  |  CU System  |  Privacy Policy  |  Legal Notices  |  Employment  | Sign In &copy; 2013 The Regents of the University of Colorado , a body corporate. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered property of the University. Used by permission only.   