 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Arts &amp; Entertainment Books Literature Literature Share Study Guide for "The Harmony Silk Factory" Tash Aw&#8217;s debut novel, &#8220;The Harmony Silk Factory,&#8221; provides different perspectives of its central character, merchant and criminal Johnny Lim. Set in Malaysia in the mid-20th century, this book challenges readers to reinvestigate their views of Johnny, raising the question of how and whether one person can ever truly know another. This difficult novel rewards readers with its elegiac, complex characterizations. How to Know When You're Overanalyzing Literature Although there are as many interpretations of literature as there are readers, some interpretations are grounded in the text and others are not. When people say someone overanalyzes literature, they usually mean the person is focusing on details to excess, or they&#8217;re reading ideas into the text that the text itself doesn't support. True analysis means supporting your ideas with evidence from the text. Aging & Dying in Literature Since ancient times, authors have mined the veins of old age and death for literary gems. Retirement, shifting family relationships, illness, ageism, loss of friends and family, and the approach of life's greatest unknown all serve as the central topics of literary works. Themes in the Short Story "Why I Like Country Music" James Alan McPherson&#8217;s short story &#8220;Why I Like Country Music&#8221; subtly explores themes relating to race and courage in the United States. While reminiscing on the strong associations he developed between country music and the first girl he ever loved, the narrator reveals how his youthful conceptions of colorism, stereotyping and segregation reflected common, if somewhat misguided assumptions about race and status. McPherson&#8217;s short story challenges so-called &#8220;old-fashioned&#8221; attitudes about race in southern America, while simultaneously revealing how those attitudes naturally developed. The Influence of Poe's "The Purloined Letter" on the Development of Detective Fiction Edgar Allan Poe's final detective story, &quot;The Purloined Letter,&quot; is the last adventure of sleuth C. Auguste Dupin, with his nameless narrator/friend and the Parisian prefect of police. It is the ultimate blueprint for innumerable tales that followed, particularly those of Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes. &quot;Purloined&quot; introduced three vital elements -- post-crime narrative line, ratiocination and final exposition -- to the genre of literary crime detection. Study Guide for Marlowe's "Faust" Christopher Marlowe&#8217;s reputation today rests mainly on the four great plays he produced in the last six years of his brief life, along with a handful of shorter poems. Probably the most controversial, as well as the most read, of his plays is &#8220;The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus,&#8221; usually shortened to &#8220;Dr. Faustus.&#8221; The Victorian poet-critic Algernon Charles Swinburne, in his biographical essay of Marlowe, praised &#8220;Dr. Faustus,&#8221; asserting, &#8220;Few masterpieces of any age in any language can stand beside this tragic poem.&quot; What Does "Beowulf" Teach? As one of the oldest surviving poems written in Old English, &#8220;Beowulf&#8221; offers unique lessons on Anglo-Saxon cultural thought and literature. Scholars classify it as an epic poem or an elegy, and they conjecture that the one surviving copy was written down between the eighth and tenth centuries -- long after the historical period it deals with, which seems to be around the sixth century. The poem&#8217;s characters come from two Scandinavian peoples, the Geats (including Beowulf) and the Danes. &#8220;Beowulf&#8221; gives insight into social dynamics both between tribes and within them. Summary of "An Academy for Women" by Daniel Defoe Daniel Defoe was an unlikely literary celebrity. As the son of a butcher in 17th-century England, he grew up without the advantages of wealth and education that other writers enjoyed. Even after completing novels, Defoe was regarded with suspicion by some higher-class authors. Perhaps because he suffered from prejudice himself, Defoe dedicated an essay, &#8220;Academy for Women,&#8221; to promoting educational equality. How Does the Work of "The Sun Also Rises" Fit Into the Context of the Time Period? Ernest Hemingway prefaced his 1926 novel &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; by quoting the poet Gertrude Stein, who told him, &quot;You are all a lost generation.&quot; The term &quot;lost generation&quot; was used to refer to the many young men who died in World War I, but as Stein's quote shows, it was also poetically applied to describe the disillusioned and traumatized survivors. Hemingway's novel explores the circumstances in depth by following characters who are representative of the lost generation. What Are the Tenets of Postmodernism in Literature? Postmodernism takes many forms in literature and other artistic fields, but all of these exist within an expansive set of ideas and values about the world and the modernist movement. The possible tenets of a given piece of postmodern literature are exhaustive. To interpret any particular piece of postmodern literature, you must understand the work&#8217;s context and purpose, because postmodern literature is fundamentally based around responding to or rejecting ideas and values of other movements' beliefs. What Makes Poetry Different From Other Literature? Poetry doesn&#8217;t necessarily have to conform to limits or formats of any kind, although it can. Poems can be as long as books, such as &#8220;Paradise Lost,&#8221; or two lines long, like Ezra Pound&#8217;s &#8220;In a Station of the Metro.&#8221; They don&#8217;t have to rhyme or follow any kind of rhythm structure or scheme, or they can be rigidly formulaic. Unlike other types of literature, poetry is limitless in its possibilities, not only in terms of content but also in form. Poetry is probably the most flexible literary genre. How to Change Point of View in a Narrative In a narrative story or essay, the narrator provides information the reader needs to understand the story. The narrator point of view may be first person or third person. In a first-person narrative, the narration is subjective, from the viewpoint of one or more characters. Third-person narration relates the story from an external point of view. In revealing the story, you can change the point of view to give the story depth and a variety of viewpoints, but it requires skillful handling to avoid confusion. How to Include Similes & Metaphors in Writing Similes and metaphors are part of the fabric of English, even if we don't always realize it. For instance, the phrase &quot;table leg&quot; draws an implicit comparison between a piece of furniture and human anatomy. Whether these comparisons use &quot;like&quot; or &quot;as&quot; (simile), or &quot;not&quot; (metaphor), you can use them in various writings for a variety of purposes. When writing creative fiction, poetry or descriptive analysis, similes and metaphors can breathe life into your prose. Teaching Persuasive Techniques in Literature Literature students usually have good ideas about the texts they read, but they often have trouble expressing those ideas persuasively in writing and in classroom discussions. They may not understand how to develop an interesting idea into the sustained argument that a term paper or a presentation requires. By teaching students basic rhetorical strategies and research methods, you can help them create compelling and persuasive arguments about literature. How to Distinguish Between Fiction & Nonfiction Literary Genres The saying &quot;truth is stranger than fiction&quot; sometimes applies to literary works. Determining if a book is fiction or nonfiction can sometimes prove difficult. Some books are labeled as fiction, while other books are labeled as nonfiction. When these labels do not appear clearly on the book, evaluate the content of the book and determine if it is fiction or nonfiction. Evaluate the two literary genres through a combination of common sense and research. How to Create a Reading Guide for a Sonnet The term sonnet is derived from the Italian word sonneto, meaning little song. The sonnet first emerged in the 13th century in Italy, developing further in the 14th century at the hand of Italian poet Francesco Petrarch. These lyrical poems follow a specific pattern; the beginning eight lines contain the problem with the last six lines resolving it. The sonnet often depicted love as painful and unrequited, assertions known as &quot;Petrarchan conventions.&quot; Reading guides for sonnets provide the reader with a road map for understanding how to read a sonnet, while suggesting themes and historical information for the reader to&hellip; Definition of "Antecedent Action" in Literature The phrase &quot;antecedent action&quot; in reference to literature means a happening that occurred before a play or a story began. &quot;Antecedent&quot; means preceding, so antecedent action is action that has come before the time frame of the story that is being told. It is often background information that serves as the basis for the story that is being told. Antecedent action can occur in numerous ways during a story. What Makes Satire Funny? Although we think of satire as humor, it also makes us think and sometimes changes the course of human history. For instance, 2008 presidential hopeful John McCain saw his poll numbers drop partly because of a skit on the show &quot;Saturday Night Live,&quot; satirizing his running mate. Satire makes us laugh because it can criticize hypocrisies and other wrongs in an entertaining fashion. Fun Ways to Teach "Romeo & Juliet" &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; is a major part of almost every school curriculum, and as a central piece of European literature, the play is a crucial piece of educational text. However, it is often difficult to encourage students to pay attention and get the most out of what they read. When you're teaching &quot;Romeo and Juliet,&quot; get students more involved in the play and let them have fun. Five Strategies for Analyzing Literary Works If you are about to start analyzing a piece of literature, there are several strategies which will help this complicated and stimulating process. Literary analysis is considered a genre of writing in its own right, and students at university and college are often required to understand the process of analyzing literature for English and Arts papers. Learning how to analyze a text properly, clearly and thoroughly will help to build your skills in critical thinking, reading, writing and analysis. What Does it Mean to Summarize the Main Idea? The ability to thoroughly summarize the main idea of a book, chapter or paragraph is an important skill to have whether you are a professional writer, a business person, a college student or an avid reader. Understanding how to first recognize the main idea in written material and then to summarize it can help you grasp the point of a written piece. What Is Cynicism in Literature? Cynicism is a philosophical theme that developed around the time of Socrates, but it had only a short life due to its unconventionality. It was not only prevalent in the literary works of its authors, but also extended into their personal lives. The sentiments that the word &quot;cynicism&quot; invoke today, mainly pessimism and discontentment, stem from this literary theme. How to Make Masks for a Romeo & Juliet Lesson One of the pivotal scenes in William Shakespeare's immortal tragedy, &quot;Romeo and Juliet,&quot; occurs when the star-cross'd lovers first meet at a masked ball held by Juliet's father. Verona, the city where Shakespeare laid his scene, has a long history of mask-making and carnivals; the first recorded carnival was held in 1531, more than 60 years before the first performance of &quot;Romeo and Juliet,&quot; sometime between 1594 and 1596. Allowing students to decorate their own masks both brings the timeless tale to life and incorporates lessons of history, art and theater. Language Arts Lessons for "Harry the Dirty Dog" Language Arts are defined by the skills that are necessary in the use of language. These skills, which generally include reading, composition, vocabulary and spelling, are taught throughout elementary school and high school to give students the tools they need to use their language correctly. &quot;Harry the Dirty Dog&quot; is a popular children's book that can be used to help in teaching children these essential skills and there are a number of lessons that can make the experience productive and enjoyable. Games to Teach Literary Devices Writers use literary devices as part of their art and to tell a better story, giving life to words and appealing to the reader's senses. Students need opportunities to learn and build on their understanding of literary devices, which are a crucial aspect of literature. Teachers can incorporate games into a lesson plan, making learning about literary devices easy and enjoyable. Fun Word Games to Improve Creative Writing Creative writing involves any kind of exposition composed outside the parameters of structured writing. Poetry and advertising jingles are considered creative writing, as are short stories, novels and journal entries. Any writer can run into difficulty with originality. When you get into a rut, try a few word games to improve your creative writing skills. What Are the Key Elements in a Narration? In fiction or narrative essays, the narration is the voice that tells the story. In fiction, the narrator can be a character in the story or an omnipresent voice that explains the action. There are two common narration types. A third-person narrator is one who is an observer of the action and says &quot;they&quot; and &quot;she&quot; to describe the characters. A first-person narrator is usually a participant in the action and uses &quot;I&quot; or &quot;me.&quot; In a non-fiction narrative essay, you are the narrator telling your story using a first-person perspective. Literary Elements of Victorian Literature The Victorian era was a time in British history that spanned from 1837 to 1901, the period during which Queen Victoria ruled the British Empire. Boasting such canonical authors as Charles Dickens, the Brontes and Rudyard Kipling, Victorian literature features an array of literary elements that were cultivated through shifting social norms. Craft Ideas for a Literature Circle Forming literature circles in class allows a small group of students to come together and discuss a piece of literature in depth. Crafts and artistic pieces created by students can complement these discussions and can further their understanding of the book. Crafts also allow students to be creative while drawing, painting or compiling images for collages. How to Paint a Picture That Tells a Story for Feature Writing It is not the writer's job to simply put words on a page. Writers must make the reader see the words. They need to convey their story in a way that allows readers to imagine themselves as part of the action. By painting a picture in their stories, writers engage the imaginations of their audience. Feature writing that seeks to inform also should entertain the reader. This allows writers to get their points across and educate people on their chosen subject. The Differences Between the Prose Format and a Sonnet Prose and sonnet writing differ substantially. While prose is one of the most common types of writing, sonnets are highly specialized poems written with a specific set of rules and specific purpose. Prose is a large genre, so it has a vast number of sub-genres and subtle mixes of other types of writing. Prose rejects a particular rhythm while the sonnet embraces it. How to Become a Western Writer Writing for the Western genre requires reading a number of Western novels and becoming acquainted with the Western style and its specific target audience. Publishing in the niche can be difficult for writers who are new in the field, but researching and submitting work to relevant publications as often as possible will help to get you where you want to be. Activities for "Seal Surfer" Written by Michael Foreman, the picture book &quot;Seal Surfer&quot; talks about the friendship between a boy with a walking disability and a seal. Falling under the genre of realistic fiction, &quot;Seal Surfer&quot; encompasses realistic events, people and places, while dealing with a fictional plot. Being a good source for information on harbor seals and their habitats, along with a valuable vocabulary resource, &quot;Seal Surfer&quot; is a good base for linguistic and story comprehension activities with students in the third and fourth grades. The Difference Between Children's Picture Books & Early Readers Children's literature is written for children and with children in mind. Simple, action-packed, optimistic and at the same time didactic, children's literature usually expresses a child's world and point of view. While many different formats fall under this genre, children's picture books and early readers' books are two of the main styles. Five Modernist Themes Modernism as a mode of thinking manifests itself as a style that turns away from tradition and old philosophies while pushing forward past the present and into a theoretical future. Modernism is fairly easy to recognize in various art forms -- literature, visual arts, dance and music to name a few -- due mainly to some of its most characteristic themes. How to Make a Poem With Literary Words Poetry is a unique and challenging method of writing that uses words, rhythm and form to convey metaphorical meanings as well as obvious direct definitions. While poetry does not always need to rhyme or follow a predetermined rhythm, becoming an effective poet takes years of practice and a strong grasp on the fundamentals of composition. You can incorporate the mechanics of certain literary terms into your poetry once you have a better understanding of your personal style and classic poetry standards. Tricks for Studying Literary Terms Literary tools are used by fiction and poetry writers to influence readers in particular ways. For example, a poet may use imagery to help readers understand the beauty of the nature the poet describes. While writers sometimes develop their own literary techniques, there are some that are used often because they have timeless utility, such as plot, character and dialogue. Activities for "A Modest Proposal" &quot;A Modest Proposal,&quot; written by Dublin-born satirist Jonathan Swift in 1729, is an essay that displays that author's anger and despair over the starvation of the Irish people. Instead of flowery sentiments and impassioned rhetoric, Swift skewers both the British oppressors and those in his own country who abetted them. Swift's mastery of irony and command of language makes &quot;A Modest Proposal&quot; a compelling classroom read that stimulates discussion and debate. An Explanation of Mood in Literature The concept of mood in literature is a somewhat tenuous one, but it is nonetheless important when discussing a piece. Mood is the overall feeling that a piece of literature conveys. It is similar to the tone of the piece, which can be defined as the author's attitude, and the two are often related and inform each other. What Is a Circular Narrative Style? Narrative is all around us, from classic works of literature to oral anecdotes to modern cinema. And although it is one of mankind's oldest traditions, narrative structures have, for the most part, adhered to reoccurring templates, albeit with notable stylistic variations. One such structural form is the circular story, which has informed everything from epic poetry to modern independent cinema. Types of Themes in Literature Most works of literature feature one or several themes, or the over-arching message or idea that the work attempts to convey. Although every book has its own distinctive theme, some general trends in literature show that certain types of themes emerge again and again, although they are usually presented in different ways. What Is an Allegorical Narrative? According to the book &quot;Storytelling: An Encyclopedia of Mythology and Folklore,&quot; storytelling dates back at least to the second millennium B.C. Stories often function on more than one level. Characters and situations sometimes have a hidden meaning for the reader to figure out. A story in which everything has another meaning is called an &quot;allegory.&quot; Activities With "Ten Little Indians" &quot;Ten Little Indians&quot; is a children's rhyme with multiple versions. At its simplest, it is a counting rhyme with a singsong, easy-to-remember tune. In a more morbid variation -- which begins, &quot;Ten little Indian boys went out to dine; one choked his little self and then there were nine&quot; -- it inspired a famous mystery novel by Agatha Christie. Activities for younger students typically center around the innocuous version of the poem, while older students -- particularly those with a taste for the morbid -- will enjoy more sinister activities focusing on the book and its inspirational ditty. How to Grab the Audience in Your Opening Paragraph As a student, your teacher likely told you to start your paragraph with a quotation, joke or surprising statement. After years of overuse, however, these approaches often seem stale and unoriginal to an audience. Try a different approach. Choose your approach not only by how much it might entertain your audience but also by how well it introduces what you have to say and tells your audience why it benefits them. Active Vs. Passive Voice for Writing The terms &quot;active voice&quot; and &quot;passive voice&quot; are different methods of relating between the subject and the verb of a sentence. Writers can switch the position of the subject and verb in a sentence in order to change it from active to passive voice, or vice versa. According to Strunk and White's widely used grammar book, &quot;Elements of Style,&quot; active voice is generally the preferred voice to use in most writing, with some exceptions. How to Illustrate Children's Picture Books In the category of children&#8217;s picture books, the illustrations play a central part in the storytelling. Usually consisting of 32 pages for children aged 4 to 8 years old, the images in this form of children&#8217;s literature are equally as important as the text. The pictures work with the words to become a highly useful addition in helping children develop reading skills and enrich vocabulary. If you are a writer with a completed children's story, you may also wish to illustrate it, making the book entirely your own. This can be a difficult but rewarding creative process that requires skill&hellip; Narrative Techniques in Literature Literature is a narrative that is an art form. Creative writers use numerous narrative techniques to create effects within their stories, whether they want to elicit certain emotions from the reader or convey an abstract idea. The number of narrative techniques is huge, since many writers have created their own unique techniques. However, some techniques are more common than others, and you can learn to recognize them. Ways to Correct a Run-On Sentence Run-on sentences are a common mistake in English language writing. When two complete sentences are fused together without proper separation, the result is a run-on sentence. Look for sentences that sound too long, and break up the ideas. It will make your writing stronger, more efficient and grammatically correct. What Is Modern Diction? To understand modern diction, consider that the definition of modern always changes. Fashions and trends change with magazine covers. However, modern diction will always be about language. Particularly, diction refers to choices in language. Writers of books, poetry and screenplays understand how to convey modern diction by incorporating the time period into the language. The reader uses modern diction to identify a time period and then combines this knowledge with the personality or background of the character speaking. Common Traits of Parodies Parody is a type of work designed to comment on, trivialize or mock another work by means of comic imitation. As a form of expression, parody is as old as ancient Greek drama, when Aristophanes used the form to poke fun at the plays of Aeschylus and Sophocles. Parody, however, is not limited to literature and theater. Parodies also exist in music, film and even commercial advertising. Regardless of the medium, parodies share certain characteristics. Typical Narrative Structure A narrative is a form of storytelling, designed to pull readers or viewers into an event or challenge that the main character or characters must face, overcome or resolve. The narrative storytelling structure has been used across a myriad of formats from film to essays, comic books and television shows. Whether you're reading a narrative essay or watching a movie, common components surface in the typical narrative structure, which include the introduction, the conflict or challenge and the resolution. How to Select a Reading Audience Writing is an effective way to express what's on your mind. However, unless you exclusively write in a journal, diary, or other private setting, you will want to attract others to read your work. It may sometimes appear that some writers are ubiquitous, their books or blogs pored over by all. Yet many prosperous writers actually hone in on and develop a specific audience for their work. In fact, their success might be related to how well they have researched and targeted a particular reading audience. Characteristics of Subversive Literature Subversive literature has been a stye of writing that has attracted writers throughout history. This style of literature is appealing to many writers who are looking to make a difference in society. Subversive literature comes in a variety of formats, from poetry to novels to educational essays to public speeches. What Is a Character Narrative? Narrative is basically another word for "storytelling." The term is often used in fiction writing. Character is the person (or people) the story is either about, or the person telling the story. You see examples of narrative often -- such as when you read a book or go to the movies. Your life is filled with stories, though you may not realize it. When you tell someone about the sequence of events that happen in your life, you are essentially narrating your story. You are the central character. What Is Sisyphus Stone? Many of modern society's idioms and stories come from the classic Greek tradition. Greek mythology, most closely associated with the Greek poet Homer, is rich with tales of heroic men and the old gods. The world of man and the world of gods often blurred in Greek stories, with the gods giving their blessings to some, and going to war against others. One such myth is that of Sisyphus, who was doomed to an afterlife of futility, pushing a rock up a hill. Fun and Effective Ways to Build Vocabulary ABC News reported that among the recent new word additions to the Oxford English Dictionary Online were shorthand abbreviations like "OMG" for "oh my god" and slang terms like "muffin top" for an overhanging waist on one wearing tight pants. That being said, if you're struggling to improve your vocabulary and become a more competent English reader, writer and speaker, rest assured that keeping up with our ever-expanding language can be fun. Narrative Poem vs. Rhyming Poem Many literary genres prove to be mutually exclusive; for instance, you cannot write a fantasy memoir or a science fiction travelogue. This has not been the case with narrative and rhyming poetry, however. While not all great English narrative poems have rhymed, as "Beowulf" and John Milton's "Paradise Lost" will attest, many narrative poets, from Geoffrey Chaucer to Edmund Spenser, have utilized rhyme. How to Make an Undefined Reference While it is important that every writer be vigilant about crediting his or her sources, there are times when it is necessary to make note of a general trend or understanding that cannot necessarily be traced to a definite source or individual. In these cases, as well as ones involving material that is considered "common knowledge," you do not need to cite or quote the specific author and can simply refer to it more casually. How to Evaluate a Narrative Evaluating a narrative is a task done through many lenses. A teacher evaluates a student's essay and a literary critic evaluates a work of fiction. A group of doctors peer-review and evaluate a scholastic journal article about recent revelations in medicine, a copy editor evaluates an article for publication and a board of foundation directors evaluates a grant application narrative request. All of these different motives for evaluating a narrative have a common premise, and that is to look for writing that is clear, concise, mechanically sound, engages the reader and presents an idea, fact or finding in the most&hellip; What Makes a Romantic Writer? The French Revolution of the 1790s broke the levees of established order, allowing a new consciousness to flow throughout Britain. The new social order created ambitious ideas, challenging the established norms of states, rulers and the wealthy. Up and coming writers such as William Blake, William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge and Mary Wollstonecraft moved toward defining the modern world's values and solidifying writers as "instructors, prophets, critics, and inspirers." Rebelling against the 18th century's stubborn view of the world through verification and physical realities, the romantics ushered in an age where the power of the mind reigned supreme. Tips to Determine Transitive and Intransitive Verbs Every verb is either transitive, meaning it has a direct object, or intransitive, meaning that it does not. Although this might seem like a confusing distinction, it is much simpler than it sounds. Being able to identify whether a verb is being used transitively or intransitively is a basic skill in grammatical analysis. Use some basic tips and tricks to identify transitive and intransitive, and improve your grammar skills in the process. The Relationship Between Visual Art & Literature Literature in itself is an art form. Carefully chosen words paint visuals upon a page for the theater of the mind. This has often inspired other, more visually oriented artists to create tangible objects based on these mental images. Not only can this create a more fully realized piece of art, it also allows these artists to produce content based on their own interpretations. This creative wealth of material has continued to inspire modern filmmakers and artists who now have technology to help bring these pages to life. What Are the Elements of a Gothic Romantic Novel? Born in late 18th century England, the Gothic Romantic novel developed as a reaction to the formality that characterized Romantic literature up until that point. Having emerged out of the Romantic Movement, Gothic Romantic literature formed a sub-genre that shared many of Romanticism's central elements -- most importantly, the emphasis on emotion -- but went on to develop its own unique identity. Traditionalism in Literature Traditionalism is an American poetry movement that began in 1917. Traditionalism also refers to the style of writing an author chooses to use within a poem of piece of text. For example, traditionalism in poetry is exemplified by the meter and the selection of words used in a poem. Why Do Authors Use the First Person Narrative Point of View? The first person narrative point of view speaks through the narrator's own personal viewpoint, using words like "I" and "me." Writers debate the usefulness and difficulty of using a first person narrator versus writing in third person, which speaks indirectly about other characters, never using "I." Famous first person novels include Salinger's "The Catcher in the Rye," Fitzgerald's "The Great Gatsby," Camus' "The Stranger" and Sylvia Plath's "The Bell Jar." How to Analyze Literary Themes Analyzing literature is a deeply rewarding pursuit, though it may be challenging until you develop the necessary skills and habits. "Theme" in literature refers to a fundamental question that drives a story, as well as the possible answers to that question. Learning to read with an awareness of the themes developing in a story can help you appreciate not just what the author wrote, but also why she wrote it. Good literature encapsulates an important question, such as "What would you sacrifice for someone you love," and traces the results of different answers through the characters' choices. What Has Influenced the Development of Children's Literature in the Twentieth Century? Children's literature is difficult to precisely define, but as the critic K. Hanson puts it, tends to include any material created for or read by kids, separated from nonfiction works by its imaginative element. Children's literature has evolved over a few hundred years, and by the end of the 20th century had developed from the works found a century before. The changes in scope and character found in 20th century children's literature are a result of several influences. Mythology of Sewing The craft of sewing in antiquity was called weaving, and it played an important role in mythology in many cultures around the world. In myths, weaving was often associated with the power of creation, and many ancient goddesses had among their powers the control of weaving. The mythology of weaving often involved tales of divine power and retribution. Long after the end of antiquity, weaving myths continued to be incorporated in tales of magic and the supernatural. Ethics in Literature A subdivision of value theory, ethics or moral philosophy attempts to describe and prescribe human behavior according to a system that labels that behavior as either good or bad. While many philosophers attempt tp understand and apply moral concepts, ethics has been a similarly popular topic in works of literature throughout time. Though thousands of works of literature engage ethical issues, these works can be grouped into several distinct categories in terms of how they handle ethical concerns. Topics to Write an Essay on the Story "Sophistication" Sherwood Anderson (1876-1941), an ad man turned author, published the short story "Sophistication" as part of the influential and renowned 1919 themed collection, "Winesburg, Ohio." The tales in the anthology follow the physical and emotional growth of reporter George Willard, whose experiences in the small town uncover the secret lives of outwardly provincial citizens; indeed, the book itself was considered scandalous in its day for its frank examination of homosexuality. As part of "Winesburg, Ohio" or as a stand-alone story, "Sophistication" touches on themes that could contribute to a literary or critical essay. How to Make Up a Folk Tale A good folk tale can be a legend from a particular culture, music, fairy tale, joke or even a story that covers a popular belief. Some folk tales have been written many times and each author does his or her own spin on the author's chosen topic. For those who are new to writing folk tales, the first step should be to read some that are already written to get a handful of ideas. Once you know the kind of folk tale you'd like to write, you'll need to plan out the plot, your characters and the message you want&hellip; Aspects of Literary Criticism: Theme and Genre Literary criticism analyzes literature based on different schools of criticism, including formalist, deconstructionism, reader response, psychoanalytic and feminist. Building blocks and classifications of literature often play a large role in this analytical process because they teach the reader how to extract a deeper meaning as well as compare it to other similar works. What Is an Exploration Narrative? An exploration narrative, also known as travel literature or travel writing, is an author's description of his experience seeing an unfamiliar place. Unlike travel guides, which tell people about places to visit while on vacation, travel writing is a subjective look at a place through the eyes of the author. While travel guides inform, exploration narratives describe and entertain. The Main Mode of Writing During the Colonial Era Literature written during the Colonial Era of America (1600-1776) is primarily concerned with the spiritual well-being of the early settlers. These works extend from the Calvinist and Puritan beliefs that permeated the first colonial settlements. Another recurring theme in Colonial literature concerns the often violent encounters with the Native Americans. What Is the Connotation for Manacles? Sometimes traditional definitions fail to convey a meaning or define an idea properly. In these cases, writers will often employ metaphors or comparisons to reinforce their point. Many types of illustrative techniques can strengthen a written point. Connotation is a powerful way of drawing meaning from an idea by comparing it with something else. Manacles, the subject of connotation for centuries, can serve a powerful illustrative point if used correctly. Technology That Contributed to Postmodernism In the second half of the 20th Century, theories of postmodernism began to find popularity in many artistic fields, including film, literature, art and architecture. In general, postmodernism is marked by irony, self-reference, and the idea of the fractured consciousness of the individual. These concepts are closely related to technological developments in the same period, specifically the development of mass media and the proliferation of nuclear weapons throughout the world. What Is a Bathos Satire? Bathos is a literary form of humor that juxtaposes lofty and profane concepts to create unintended, or seemingly unintended, absurd effects. The term originated from the poet Alexander Pope's &quot;Peri Bathous, Or the Art of Sinking in Poetry,&quot; although earlier examples are found before Pope. Bathos is a style of humor that, despite being first named in the 18th century, continues to be used in the 21st century. What Is Foreshadowing in a Story? While many literary devices focus on wordplay, or the maximization of rhetorical effect at the sentence level, foreshadowing is predominantly a plot-related device. By definition, foreshadowing is an action, observation or image given early in a story, which indicates subtly a plot development that will take place later, and prepares the reader for conflict. Although considered a literary device, foreshadowing has permeated all facets of culture and exists in all manners of storytelling, including prose, poetry, theater, film, journalism and even the spoken quixotic dialogues of real life. Basics to Write Narratives People tell stories all the time, and many do it successfully without much thought or preparation. Stories become complicated when they are tagged as narratives and broken down into their basic elements. The components of a narrative are tools that help writers develop stories for books, songs, films and other types of expression. Most people instinctively know the basic elements of a narrative from telling their own stories, they just may might not realize how each part works when they sit down to write one. Stages of Reading Literature Reading literature may seem like a simple process that involves simply decoding words and attaching meaning to them. In truth, however, this process is substantially more complex. To read and really comprehend literature, readers must engage in an active process that involves multiple stages. While a reader will not necessarily move through each of these stages each time he reads, it is important that he understand each stage so he can better develop a relationship with literature and derive deeper meaning when he wishes to. Symbolism Vs. Naturalism Comparing Naturalism with Symbolism can open your eyes to how different two literary styles can be, even when appearing around the same period of time. Both emerging out of late 19th century Western Europe, these two movements adopted almost entirely contradictory literary styles. By analyzing and contrasting both of these movements, you are exposing yourself to the history of literature and the breadth of writing they encompass. What Are Dead Verbs? A dead verb lets us know an action has taken place, but it doesn't provide a detailed picture of the action. A list of common dead verbs include: is, are, am, have, had, has, be, been, was, look, were, take, took, went, go, ran, run, make, do, did, gone, came and come. This list also includes the 'ing' forms and contractions of dead verbs. Using dead verbs saps the life out of writing. Once you understand what dead verbs are, you can change your sentences haunted by dead verbs into lively and descriptive writing. Stylistic Elements of a Legend A legend is a short narrative regarded as somehow historical, without an affirmation that the events actually occurred. Legends have a specific set of characteristics that set them apart from other genres of literature. Observing the characterization, themes and certain plot elements will help you determine if the piece is a legend. What Should Be Included in Descriptive Writing? It is commonplace to talk about writing as being "descriptive," yet very rarely do we take the time to define and breakdown what exactly constitutes effective writing of this type. The Merriam-Webster dictionary defines "description" as meaning: "discourse intended to give a mental image of something experienced," so when you write descriptively, you want to provide the kind of information that will give your reader a vivid picture of your subject, whatever it might be. How to Identify Character Relationships Looking at characters and characterization is an important part of the study of literature. If you learn how to identify relationships between characters in a book or story, it will help you to understand and analyze whichever text you're studying. Sometimes defining the relationship between two characters is straightforward, but other times an author might make a relationship deliberately obtuse in order to build mystery and intrigue or for dramatic effect. British Literature Comparison of Romanticism and Modernism In Britain, as is in the rest of Europe, Romanticism and Modernism can be seen as the result of a rejection of Enlightenment thinking. This revolt started with 18th century Romanticism, which inspired the emergence of Modernism in late 19th century. As two separate movements, one following the other, they can be compared and their differences identified. How to Decipher a Parallel in Literature A parallel, also sometimes called parallelism, refers to a sentence that contains grammatically similar structures. Writers of literature use parallel statements for rhetorical effect, such as Shakespeare in "Richard II":I'll give my jewels for a set of beads,My gorgeous palace for a hermitage,My gay apparel for an almsman's gown,My figured goblets for a dish of wood . . . . (3.3.170-73)Each line in this excerpt contains almost identical patterns of parts of speech: pronoun-noun-preposition-noun phrase. Locating parallels in literature requires knowledge of the eight parts of speech: nouns, verbs, pronouns, prepositions, adverbs, adjectives, conjunctions and&hellip; Avengers In Mythology Avengers in mythology, especially Greek mythology, are beings who punish the wicked for their specific crimes. In Greek myth avengers are most commonly seen in the myth of Tartarus, where they would punish a person for their crimes against the Greek gods and humans. They appear in many Greek legends and myths and can be central to the plots of ancient Greek literature. Characteristics of Narrative Text Literary experts recognize four types of text: expository, narrative, argumentative and descriptive. Each has its own purpose, sub-type, structure and style. The purpose of narrative text is generally to entertain, inform or express ideas. Its sub-types include fables, memoirs and adventure stories. Narrative text most often has a five-part structure. Stylistically, narratives can be described in many ways, including comic, tragic, sentimental, reflective and ironic. Importance of Literary Communication Literary communication is the contact between the author and the reader. The writer sends a message through his text and the audience receives it. The text comes to life and serves its purpose only when it communicates with the reader. The message can take any form, from a book to a script or a poem. What is important is the constant movement between producing and receiving stays alive, and that the author and the reader speak the same language, and thus, communicate. Environmental Themes in Early American Literature Early American literature from the 1600s to the early 1800s reflected the intersection of various ideas on the role of the environment in religion, agriculture and the development of American society. The Puritans tended to see natural disasters as direct retribution for sinful behavior, while Deists tended to take a more benign view of the relationship between nature and humankind. Writers such as Anne Bradstreet and Philip Freneau dealt with these issues in their poetry and prose. What Does the Literary Term "Dynamic Character" Mean? Recognizing different types of characterization can help readers analyze a narrative. Critics have categorized characters into two basic types, "dynamic" and "static." Students and readers need to know not only how to define these terms, but also how to apply them to fictional narratives. List the Five Ways Characters Can Be Revealed in Literature Many lovers of literature enjoy having the opportunity to climb into characters' heads and learn about these individuals who fill texts. When crafting tales, authors reveal their characters in a number of ways. Through the use of these character development methods, authors can allow readers to feel as if the characters about whom they are reading are actually long-lost friends or acquaintances. What Is a Manuscript Galley? For new and even established authors, getting their books reviewed before their official release is crucial to boosting sales. While customer reviews will appear after the book's publication, getting reviews a few months in advance can help build interest. One way to get individuals to review a book before it's out is for the publisher or author to send out a manuscript or bound galley. How to Analyze Literary Characters Literary characters are more than just catalysts who advance the plot. They also reflect the author's ideas about life, morality and beauty. When you analyze a character, you identify his choices, personality, decisions and motivations to determine what the author wants to communicate through his story. Protagonists often reflect characteristics that the author deems good and noble, while the antagonist displays negative traits. Creative Ways to Do a Character Analysis The purpose of a character analysis is to better understand the motives, beliefs and feelings of a complex character. By using the information you already have about the character and asking some tough questions, you can get further in touch with who the character really is and her purpose throughout the story. A creative character analysis can be fun and can reveal more information about the character. Modernism in Literature as a Genre Modernism is a literary genre which sprung up around 1914, from the beginning of World War I. It was born from the notion of putting an end to realistic novels, which modernist authors believed had become stale and had lost all artistic merit. There are several notable themes and literary devices which define modernism as a genre. Neoclassical Period Vs. Romanticism Period In the mid-to-late 18th century, the world witnessed the emergence of two very different artistic movements with two entirely opposing points of view. By comparing romanticism with neoclassicism, a number of striking differences can be identified and the evident contrast between the two is made clear. What is the Difference Between Feature Writing & Story Writing? Feature writing and story writing are two types of news story. Both are factual and need to hook in the reader. The journalist will report on either story and will use similar literary devices to structure the piece of writing. However, the perspective and priority of each piece is quite different. What Is Symbolic Logic? Symbolic logic, also called first-order logic, is the act of setting up an artificial "language" to deal with complex logical arguments. One of the simplest forms of logic, its purpose is to save time in argumentation and help prevent confusion, vagueness and ambiguity of speech. It's used in linguistics, philosophy, computer science and, especially mathematics. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Next ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap &copy; 1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 