 Local Business People Search Reverse Lookup Sign In Sign Up   Reverse Address Lookup  Popular Categories: Restaurants Home Improvement Contractors Insurance Attorneys Florists Auto Repair Coupons & Deals  A1 Auto Three Brothers Car Repair 3041 Frederick Ave Baltimore , MD 21223-2714 8 Reviews 8 Ratings Local: (410) 566-5878 www.acdelco.com 3brosauto@verizon.net Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Send Send SMS Send Email Write a review Get directions false Reviews (8) Guarantees / Warranties Available Brands Offered Chevrolet, Ford, Jaguar, Kia, Mitsubishi, Volvo, GMC, Honda, Hyundai, Infiniti, Saab, Saturn, Subaru, Suzuki, Toyota, Cadillac, Chrysler / Dodge, Jeep, Land Rover, Mercury, Nissan, Volkswagen, Audi, BMW / Mini Cooper, Buick / Pontiac, Lexus, Lincoln, Mazda, Mercedes-Benz Special Services Offered Towing Services Offered Alternator Repairs, Antilock Brake System (ABS) Repair, Clutch Service, Domestic Automobile Repair, Head Light Replacement, Heater Core Repairs, Lube / Oil Change, Tire Rotation, Transmission Service, Automotive Air Conditioning Service, Automotive Battery Repair, Axle Repair, Brake Replacement, Engine Repairs, Fuel Tank Repair, Radiator Repairs, Timing Belt Replacement, Filter Change, Foreign Automobile Repair, State Inspections, All Auto Repairs, Brake Service, Engine Tune-ups, Exhaust Systems Repaired, Radiator Service Licenses, Certifications, Accreditations AAA Approved, Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) Certified, BBB Member, Licensed / Certified / Authorized Claim this listing  | Report incorrect info Reviews (8) Write a review 1 2 &raquo; Reliable, Honest Service by rachelb on 11/29/2010   I recently had my old car repaired at A1 Three Brothers Auto. Although hesitant to go through a repair place I was not familiar with, Paul the owner was very honest and happy to look at my car. He was able to explain what I needed throughly and gave me a list of different options since I could not afford all the work that needed done upfront. Thank you for all your time and help!   Leave a comment Flag for abuse  Great Service, fast and reliable too! by Valerie Gatzke on 04/26/2010   Back in December, Baltimore had it&#39;s first big snow of the year....and I had my first accident with my new car :( It wasn&#39;t too bad... but I had hit a curb straight on with my wheel turned, which in turn knocked the alignment out and damaged my left front tire, wheel and axle. It was undrivable and this was right before the holidays!I&#39;ve been going to A 1 Auto 3 Brothers Car Repair for gas for almost 2 years now.... so I thought why not have these guys look at my car. I was glad to give them the business as they are always so friendly to me. Mr. Paul gave me an estimate within an hour and even offered to give me a ride to my rental car, knowing that it would be a week or so to repair the damages. Being the week of Christmas, most places were closed or offering only limited hours... But 3 Brothers had me back on the road in less than a week! They gave me a fair assessment, were very courteous, and worked well with my insurance company. I would totally recommend their services to anyone looking for a reliable, friendly place to take their vehicle for repairs or maintenance.Thanks to the crew for all of your help :)   Leave a comment Flag for abuse  A1 Auto 3 Brothers by Leah R on 03/24/2010   I am relatively new to the area and did a little research on a reliable auto repair service and came across A1 - 3 Brothers. I was pleased to see the reviews seemed to be excellent in nature so I gave them a try. Being a younger woman who has absolutely no knowledge of cars, I was pleasantly surprised. Paul was extremely helpful in explaining the ins and out of the repair I needed and efficient in doing so. The price was beyond reasonable and service was professional. I don&#39;t think I have ever left a car repair shop in my life so content with the service. Would recommend to anyone and everyone.   Leave a comment Flag for abuse  Second Generation Customer by Joan Johnson on 03/15/2010   My mother was a customer at A1 Auto Three Brothers Car Repair back in the seventy&#39;s. When I moved back to Baltimore City and I needed a repair I thought about Three Brothers Car Repair. My mother was always pleased with the service that she received. She told me that Three Brothers was the only repair shop that she trusted with her car. I have to agree with her. Paul and his staff are always knowledgeable. Over the years my experience has been the I can depend on them to get the job done. I have had major work such as a transmission job down to having wiper blades replaced. Three Brothers Car Repair is the only place for me. I appreciate having Paul and Three Brothers Car Repair, a business with integrity.   Leave a comment Flag for abuse  A Fine Job by StephanieRS on 03/08/2010   I was backing out of my garage in a hurry last week, and pop! there goes the right side mirror. I called up Three Brothers and Paul was able to order a new mirror for an incredibly decent price to be delivered in two days. I went out to the shop, and although it was quite a busy day for them, my car was in and out (mirror repair + full-service oil change) in a little over an hour. I don&#39;t ever think I have been in and out in that short of a time before! I will definitely return to this shop for any future car care (though hopefully not anytime too soon!)   Leave a comment Flag for abuse  1 2 &raquo; Top Hours of operation Mon 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM Tue 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM Wed 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM Thu 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM Fri 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM Sat 8:00 AM - 2:00 PM Payment types Visa Mastercard Related Categories auto oil & lubrication service retail auto parts & supplies auto repairing About Us Corporate Careers Contact Us Search Tools Mobile Apps Mobile APIs Browse Categories Advertising Yellowbook Products Advertise With Us Contract Terms &amp; Conditions Printed Media Delivery Opt-Out Yellowbook's Recycling Order a Directory Part Time Distribution &copy;2013 hibu Inc. All rights reserved 1-800-YB-YELLOW Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Help  Find us on:  Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Twitter Close Send by Text Enter your cell phone number and we will text you a coupon for ${shareName} . Phone number ex. 2151234567 or 215-123-4567 Send Cancel Yellowbook recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. See our Privacy Policy . This service is free of charge and is for US calls or text messages only. Standard carrier rates are applied according to users' wireless plan. Close Send by Email Enter your email address and we will email you a coupon for ${shareName} . Your email Separate multiple emails with a semicolon. Send Cancel Yellowbook recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. See our Privacy Policy . Close Have this business call me Enter your phone number and you'll be connected with ${shareName} . Phone number ex. 2151234567 or 215-123-4567 Send Cancel Yellowbook recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. See our Privacy Policy . This service is free of charge and is for US calls or text messages only. Standard carrier rates are applied according to users' wireless plan. 