 Kelly Not Happy With Miley's VMAs Show! Lea Michele Strong For "Glee" Memorial! Miley Cyrus Proud Of VMAs Controversy! One Direction Jokes About Miley Cyrus!  Poll: Love Or Hate Vanessa Hudgens&#8217; Animal Print Style? August 27th, 2013 By Disney Dreaming Vanessa Hudgens had an early morning workout this morning, and while she didn&#8217;t really enjoy it, we are loving her workout style! Here&#8217;s what Vanessa posted along with the picture below of herself at the gym: Why do @stellahudgens and I do hot yoga when it’s 900 degrees outside? I don’t know. #dedicated #corepoweryoga Do YOU like Vanessa&#8217;s gym style? Take the poll below to let us know! Take Our Poll Khloe Kardashian Tried To Keep Lamar Odom&#8217;s Problems Secret From Her Family August 27th, 2013 By Disney Dreaming Oh no! Khloe Kardashian has been really upset lately, and it turns out that it&#8217;s because she&#8217;s been having problems with her husband Lamar Odom and she didn&#8217;t talk to anyone about it. Khloe&#8217;s family just found out about the allegations against Lamar right along with the press &#8211; allegations of drug use, ended basketball contracts and cheating. Khloe is upset that any of the rumors leaked to the media, as she wants to continue to deal with any issues within her marriage and with her husband solely by herself. However, sources close to Khloe and the Kardashian family have revealed that Khloe&#8217;s family has stepped up to help her and Lamar in any way that they can. Our thoughts are with Khloe during this difficult time! P.S. Khloe was recently spotted out without her wedding ring. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 NEXT »  Celebrity » Photo Galleries Selena Gomez Miley Cyrus One Direction Justin Bieber Demi Lovato Jonas Brothers Bella Thorne Zendaya Coleman Ashley Tisdale Stefanie Scott Austin Mahone Taylor Swift 2013 MTV Video Music Awards Celebrity Style Photo Gallery! Trending News » Popular Articles Demi Lovato And Boyfriend Wilmer Valderrama Visit Disneyland! Nick Jonas Meets His Girlfriend Olivia Culpo's Parents! Miley Cyrus' TV Mom Brooke Shields Is Upset About Her VMAs Performance! Photos From Miley Cyrus' "23" Music Video Shoot! Zayn Malik Only Told Louis Tomlinson He Was Getting Engaged! Headlines » News And Gossip Louis Tomlinson And Niall Horan React To Taylor Swift Dissing Harry Styles At The MTV MVAs! Joe Jonas Ranks Disney Stars Demi Lovato, Miley Cyrus And Selena Gomez! Selena Gomez Cries During Her Concert In Montreal! Ariana Grande And The Wanted's Nathan Sykes Are Dating! Ariana Grande Didn't Want To Post The Photo Of Justin Bieber Kissing Her! © 2008-2013 DisneyDreaming.com Disney Celebrity News And Star Gossip With Photos And Videos! About Contact Copyright Information Privacy Policy Sitemap 