 [if IE 6]><script type="text/javascript" src="http://static.dealer.com/v8/global/js/tools/no-flicker.pack.js?1356028163000"></script><div id="fixedWrap"><![endif] Friendship Automotive 1855 Volunteer Pkwy Bristol, TN 37620  Sales: (866) 980-4873 Service: (423) 652-6200 Parts: (423) 652-6221 Home Friendship Chrysler Jeep Dodge Friendship Auto Express Friendship Cars of Kingsport Friendship Ford of Bristol Friendship Hyundai of Bristol Friendship Hyundai of Johnson City Friendship Honda of Boone Friendship Volvo of Bristol New New Cars New Car Specials New Chrysler Inventory New Dodge Inventory New Ford Inventory New Honda Inventory New Hyundai Inventory New Jeep Inventory New Ram Inventory New Volvo Inventory Featured Vehicles Request A Quote CarFinder Vehicle Video Gallery Used Cars Used Cars Certified Pre-Owned Used Cars Specials Featured Vehicles CarFinder Specials New Car Specials Used Car Specials Parts Specials Service Specials Parts And Service Parts and Service Center Service Specials Parts Specials Finance Finance Center Payment Estimator About Friendship History Directions Contact Us Friendship Quotes Trevor Bayne Signing Careers Contact Directions Contact Mitch Walters Research Vehicle Showroom Payment Estimator Request A Quote  Friendship Automotive Locations Chrysler Friendship Chrysler Jeep Dodge RAM of Bristol Visit this Location Dodge Friendship Chrysler Jeep Dodge RAM of Bristol Visit this Location Ford Friendship Ford of Bristol Visit this Location Honda Friendship Honda Visit this Location Hyundai Friendship Hyundai of Bristol Visit this Location Friendship Hyundai of Johnson City Visit this Location Jeep Friendship Chrysler Jeep Dodge RAM of Bristol Visit this Location FriendshipAutoExpress FriendshipKingsport RAM Volvo Friendship Volvo of Bristol Visit this Location Equus    Welcome to Friendship Automotive                       More than a New car and Used Car Dealer near Knoxville, TN TheFriendship Family of Dealerships is the most convenient place for all of your automotive needs! For more than 20 years, the Friendship Family of Dealerships has been a first choice for many, whether they were in the market for a new or a used vehicle, or were in search of vehicle service and repairs. With all of your favorite models to choose from, there's a new vehicle at one of our many dealerships that's just right for you. At the Friendship Family of Dealerships, we provide our customers in the Tri-Cities area with new and pre-owned vehicles, vehicle financing, and vehicle service and repairs! New and Used Vehicles in Bristol, TN Areyou in the market for a new or pre-owned vehicle? At the Friendship Family of Dealerships in Bristol, TN we're excited to put you in the driver's seat. Browse our new and pre-owned inventories, and don't forget to view our latest specials and promotions to save money on your next vehicle. Allow us to demonstrate our commitment to exceptional customer service! Vehicle Financing & Lease Options Fora low-interest car loan in Bristol visit our finance department. The Friendship Family of Dealerships finance team is here to assist you through the entire car loan process. Our group of Bristol new and used car dealers will work to find the finance option that works for you! Start the approval process right now by visiting our list of Finance Departments online. Vehicle Parts & Service The Friendship Family of Dealerships Service Department provides Bristol, Kingsport, Elizabethton, Johnson City and the rest ofthe Tri-Cities area with auto repair services such as tire rotations, oil and filter changes, state vehicle inspections and more for all makesand models. Our skilled, professionally trained technicians have the experience and know-how to keep your vehicle running smoothly, and diagnose any problems your vehicle may be experiencing. Plus, at our state-of-the-art facility, we use genuine parts and accessories , so you can be sure your vehicle is getting the best service possible. At our Service Department ,convenient hours allow us to be readily available to help you get in and out as soon as possible when you bring your vehicle to us. Schedule an appointment with one of our dealerships today or check out our service specials to save money on your next vehicle service! Plus,with a comprehensive in-stock inventory of OEM vehicle parts in Bristol, Johnson City and Elizabethtown, TN, Friendship Chrysler Jeep Dodge RAM is prepared to answer your parts inquiries. Should we not carry a part that you request, we can most likely order that component and receive it within a timely manner. Contact our knowledgeable staff today with your questions! Visit the Friendship Family of Dealerships today! MitchWalters hopes to continue to grow the business with his wonderful team of employees, who provide award-winning service to all Friendship customers. Being a leader in the marketplace in every aspect of businessis important, and it is Mitch's strong desire that each member of the Friendship Family of Dealerships shares this goal. You can learn more about the Friendship Family of Dealerships by visiting any of our dealership websites, including Friendship Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram , Friendship Ford of Bristol , Friendship Honda of Boone , Friendship Hyundai Johnson City and Friendship Volvo of Bristol . Website by Dealer.com Friendship Automotive 1855 Volunteer Pkwy Bristol ,  TN 37620  Directions Contact Us Privacy Sitemap [if IE 6]></div><![endif]  