 IntactAuto&reg; Dealership Solutions Exploring Unconventional Profitable Solutions Franchised New Car Dealerships Independent Auto Dealer Automotive Industry Personnel Free Excel Spreadsheets IntactAuto-Resources.com Spreadsheets Designed for New Car and Truck Dealers Independent Repair Shops Download a Customized Dealership Spreadsheets Recruiting Auto Dealerships Simply-Jobs-Auto.com Database of 18,000+ Auto Dealers Employment Pages, Videos and Display Ads used by New Car Dealerships to Recruit Personnel Dealership Marketing and Solutions AutomotiveProfit.com Internet Marketing, Research and Social Networks. Be part of it, Join us, Follow us, Like us and Write for us. Here's a opportunity to have an impact on the Automobile Industry and Retail Outlets Unique and interesting Excel Spreadsheets which can be extremely useful in managing the daily operations of a dealership and are excellent learning tools offered by automotive people which enjoy sharing their hard work You'll be surprised by these Spreadsheets since they are not just a bunch of rows, columns and cells. Many are Macro driven and the programming style is unique. These worksheets help you successfully understand Auto Dealership Data Management, Internet Marketing, New and Used Vehicle Sales, Cash Flow, Technician Productivity, Departmental Expenses and improve upon a Dealerships Operational Efficiency. Excel&reg; Workbooks and Free Spreadsheets Available Its Simply, Simple ... Construct a database of primary retail auto dealership web addresses and determine if an Employment Web page is used to recruit personnel. If so, point career seeking individuals to the Dealership Website to apply for the available auto job opportunity. This site is probably the first and only Website on the internet which does this. Thus, challenging traditional job sites to provide dealers with a cost-effective internet solution for recruiting auto dealership personnel online. Dealers using Video Ads and Social Networks gain added recognition on this Auto Job site usually for free since we consider them Premium Dealerships. Finding Employment and Recruiting Auto Dealerships This 10 year old Website that focuses on technological internet advancements made for the purpose of helping researching internet marketers and retail consumers. The Websites goal is to provide online resources for anyone researching automotive related materials online. Its current focal point is the internet marketing of an auto dealership and potentially profitable opportunities. If you're just searching the internet you just may find something of interest. Join us, read it and just enjoy. AutomotiveProfit.com is currently seeking content writers for this Website in exchange for content placement on it. Automotive Profit - Marketing and Social Networking  Phone Contact: 716-445-9721| E-mail Support: Support@IntactAuto.com IntactAuto.com&copy;2009 - 2013 All Rights Reserved - IntactAuto Holdings, LLC IntactAuto.com is an independent service provider and is not affiliated with, nor has it been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved by Microsoft Corporation. Privacy & Legal Notice  Some of our Best Automotive Excel&reg; Spreadsheets Managing a Profitable Automobile Service and Parts Department Forget Service Menu Specials and Micro-managing without a financial return. Start with the basics when restructuring a profitable Service and Parts Departments. It all comes down to Flat Rate Labor Hour Sales, Motivating Service Technicians, Understanding Fixed Operations Sales Potential and Controlling Expenses. This Excel&reg; workbook enlightens both Auto Dealership Owners and Fixed Operations Directors by revealing the many misconceptions when forecasting Service Labor Sales, Parts Monthly Sales and Net Profit. Project Labor Sales based on Working Days, Technician Productivity and Flat Rate Hours Sales Objectives. - Start Benchmarking Flat Rate Labor Hours and Motivating Technicians for Profit with this Excel Workbook Auto Sales Commission Pay Plans - Controlling and Monitoring Gross Profit This Excel&reg; program offers in-depth managerial and individual analysis reports that help an auto dealership control commissionable gross payouts and achieve numerous vehicle sales department profit objectives. Some of the key components of this Excel workbook are multi-tier commission sales pay plans that include monitoring Vehicle Gross Profit, Finance Income, Training Levels and Customer Satisfaction (CSI) scores. This flexible Commission pay plan program allows a car dealer to custom design a commissioning pay structure that motivates its sales force within the auto dealership to produce as much income as possible. - Effective Dealership Sales Commission Pay Plans designed with Microsoft&reg; Excel Spreadsheets Vehicle Sales and Finance Income Log - Gross Profit, Reserves, Aftermarket Simple Spreadsheets which manage and track Vehicle Sales Gross Profit, Finance and Insurance, Extended Warranty and Aftermarket Income. If still using a paper sales log its time to get rid of it and simplify your life. - Click here to view a sample of this Excel Spreadsheet New & Used Car Sales Delivery Log Dealership Profitability Understanding the Fundamentals of Making Money * Benchmark business sales, gross profit results and with self-confidence plan long-term sustainable growth * Never overlook simple, efficient solutions when developing and implementing a new business plan * Encourgare creative thinking by remaining open-minded to new and unconventional ideas that create leaders * Establish business strategies that question financial results. These financial results truely measure success * Improving operational efficiency with time-saving techniques will alomost always reduce expenses * Never forget in the business world, time is money and is one of the most valuable commodity you cannot buy *  Goal of IntactAuto&reg; Holdings, LLC is to change the way auto dealership problems are resolved, to address fundamental issues, challenge conventional ideals and provide a reasonably priced value-added service and resource which will maximize dealership income opportunities, offering a real return on an investment without all the hype. IntactAuto&reg; Who, Why and What IntactAuto's History and Goals Consultants - Consultant Vehicle Sales, Service & Parts Why a business name like IntactAuto? Consider the meaning of Intact ; Nothing Missing, Left Whole, Sound, Unimpaired, with Complete being the Synonymy. Auto , Self-explanatory, a Website offering Solutions and Resources specifically selected for the Automotive Industry, Independent Service Provider, Used Vehicle Wholesaler and Retail Automotive Dealership.  IntactAuto.com an innovative Web-based dealer service focused on developing and sharing Automotive related Excel Spreadsheets, Employment Opportunities and Internet Marketing ideas within the Automotive Industry.  Return To Top All Rights Reserved,&copy; 2009 - 2013 IntactAuto&reg; Holdings, LLC - Contact Phone: 716-445-9721 References that are made to any names, trademarks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links herein are the property of their respective owners. Links to external internet sites are provided solely as a convenience within the content of this web site. Return To Top 