 Added to Favorites Dictionary Thesaurus Word Dynamo Quotes Reference Translator Spanish Log In Sign Up Premium Introducing a cool new way to learn!  automotive Use Automotive in a sentence Ads Official Chrysler® Site www.chrysler.com/200 The 200 Sedan. A New Look, Name &amp; Style. Find a Dealer Today! Dictionary.com Mobile www.dictionary.com/mobile Join 45 Million Happy Mobile Users Today On Our Award-Winning Four Star App. Download Now! au·to·mo·tive / ˌɔ təˈmoʊ tɪv, ˈɔ təˌmoʊ tɪv / Show Spelled [ aw-t uh - moh -tiv, aw -t uh -moh-tiv ] Show IPA  adjective 1. pertaining to the design, operation, manufacture, or sale of automobiles: automotive parts. 2. propelled by a self-contained motor, engine, or the like. noun 3. Informal. an industry, store department, etc., specializing in appliances and parts for cars, trucks, and other motorized vehicles: You may find what you're looking for in automotive.  Origin: 1860–65; auto- 1 + motive Related forms non·au·to·mo·tive, adjective Dictionary.com Unabridged Based on the Random House Dictionary, © Random House, Inc. 2013. Cite This Source | Link To Automotive Collins World English Dictionary automotive (ˌɔːtəˈməʊtɪv) &mdash; adj 1. relating to motor vehicles 2. self-propelling Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 10th Edition 2009 © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 Cite This Source Relevant Questions How To Become An Automot... What Is Automotive Engin... How To Mix Automotive Pa... What Is An Automotive En... What Is Automotive Techn... What Do Automotive Engin... How To Become An Automot... What Is Automotive Techn... How To Mix Automotive Pa... What Is Automotive Engin... 00:10 Automotive is always a great word to know. So is doohickey . Does it mean: So is lollapalooza . Does it mean: So is zedonk . Does it mean: a gadget; dingus; thingumbob. a printed punctuation mark (‽), available only in some typefaces, designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question. the offspring of a zebra and a donkey. an extraordinary or unusual thing, person, or event; an exceptional example or instance. a chattering or flighty, light-headed person. the offspring of a zebra and a donkey. LEARN MORE UNUSUAL WORDS WITH WORD DYNAMO... Etymonline Word Origin & History automotive 1865, in ref. to some sort of helicopter-like device, from auto- "self," from Greek, + motive (adj.), from Latin. Meaning "pertaining to automobiles" is from 1898. Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper Cite This Source word Dynamo Module Example sentences The list of countries offering or planning relief for their automotive industries is long and growing. In much the same fashion, he worked on making sure that an automotive infrastructure developed along with the cars. We could not have our present automotive culture without a certain minimum of depth perception. Plenty more compact four-wheelers are in the automotive pipeline. Fortunately, aluminum is easy to recycle and a beverage can might even find a new life as an aircraft or automotive part. In the meantime, the government has found another way to reduce the flow of expensive automotive imports. The automotive industry has never been known for taking the initiative in cleaning up the environment. The steel industry, the automotive industry, and the others were created from the top down. Ethylene glycol is used in automotive applications but is pretty toxic to living tissues. The company serves automotive , window, and architectural markets. Display ads1 rightrail Module Relatedwords Slang rightrail Module Enjoy Dictionary.com ad-free! Learn more Related Words double-clutch downshift drivability fade fifth first five-speed four-wheeler fourth high oversteer power steering MORE Idioms rightrail Module Images Slider Module Quotes Module Quote Of The Day "Was there a little time between the invention of language and the coming of true and false?" -Mason Cooley MORE Related Searches Automotive troublesh... Automotive questions Automotive repair Keystone automotive ... Automotive jobs Free automotive wiri... Keystone automotive ... Keystone auto access... Nearby Words automobile batt... automobile driv... automobile engi... automobile fact... automobile horn automobile indu... automobile insu... automobile loan automobile mech... automobile race automobile tire automobile traf... automobile trun... automobile-insu... automobilia automobilism automobilist automorphic automorphically automorphism automotive automotive engi... automotive indu... automotive tech... automotive vehi... automysophobia autonomasy autonomic autonomic bladd... autonomic gangl... autonomic imbal... autonomic nervo... autonomic neuro... autonomic plexu... autonomical autonomically autonomics autonomism autonomist autonomotropic autonomous In-house ads Module Sky ad Module  Partners: Word Bloglines Citysearch The Daily Beast Ask Answers Ask Kids Life123 Sendori Home Advisor Copyright &copy; 2013 Dictionary.com, LLC . All rights reserved. About PRIVACY POLICY Terms API Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Suggest a Word Help Please Login or Sign Up to use the Favorites feature Please Login or Sign Up to use the Recent Searches feature FAVORITES RECENT   