 IN YOUR COMMUNITY: Jobs Jobs Home Find a Job Job Seeker Tools Employer Tools Post a Job More &raquo; Autos Autos Home New Car Pricing Used Cars Research Motorcycles Classic Cars Find A Dealer Place An Ad More &raquo; Real Estate Real Estate Home Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Place An Ad More &raquo; Rentals Rentals Home Apartments &amp; Communities Commercial Leases Place An Ad More &raquo; Classifieds Classifieds Home Pets Garage Sales For Sale Celebrations Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Place an Ad Obituaries Obituaries Home FIND&amp;SAVE Local Businesses Find A Business Food &amp; Dining Retail Shopping Health &amp; Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business More &raquo; Place An Ad 5-day | Satellite New Jersey Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Tumblr Pinterest RSS Sign in | Join NJ.com 5-day | Satellite Search NJ.com Sign in N.J. News N.J. News Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS Loading headlines... More News &raquo; Featured Loading headlines... Find Your Local Newspaper &raquo; | News Forums &raquo; More ... Business Obituaries Columns Opinion/NJ Voices Crime Photos Education Videos National Weather Newsletters Local News Local News Follow us: Twitter Facebook Loading headlines... See All Towns in New Jersey &raquo; N.J. counties and newspapers Atlantic Gloucester Ocean All newspapers Bergen Hudson Passaic The Star-Ledger Burlington Hunterdon Salem The Times of Trenton Camden Mercer Somerset The Jersey Journal Cape May Middlesex Sussex South Jersey Times Cumberland Monmouth Union Hunterdon County Democrat Essex Morris Warren Independent Press N.J. Politics N.J. Politics Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS Loading headlines... More Politics &raquo; Featured Loading headlines... All N.J. Politics &raquo; | Politics Forum &raquo; More ... Chris Christie news Politico: U.S. Cory Booker news PolitiFact N.J. Elections Statehouse forum NJ Voices Sports Sports Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS Loading headlines... More Sports News &raquo; Featured Loading headlines... Sports Hot Topics &raquo; | Sports Forums &raquo; More ... Devils Photos Eagles Rangers Flyers Red Bulls Giants Rutgers Jets Rutgers Basketball Knicks Rutgers Football Mets Seton Hall Mobile apps Sixers Nets Sports index Phillies Yankees H.S. Sports High School Sports Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS Loading headlines... More High School Sports News &raquo; Featured Loading headlines... All High School Sports &raquo; High School Sports Forums &raquo; More ... Scores and schedules Football Find a school Boys Soccer Find a team Girls Soccer Find a player Boys Cross Country Photos Girls Cross Country Videos Field Hockey Recruiting Girls Tennis Forums Girls Volleyball More H.S. Sports Girls Gymnastics Entertainment Entertainment Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS Loading headlines... More Entertainment &raquo; Featured Loading headlines... All Entertainment &raquo; | Entertainment Forums &raquo; More ... Arts Living A.C. Entertainment Movie Reviews Celebrities Music Comics NJ Events Dining Puzzles Food &amp; Recipes Shore Indulge TV Inside Jersey  Arts Celebrities Dining Food &amp; Recipes Music TV Movies Shore Comics Puzzles More entertainment Sign in to nj.com Username Password Remember me Forgot your username or password ? Don&#8217;t have an account? Register now for free , or sign in with any of these services: Customize Your Weather Set Your Location (Enter City and State or Zip Code)  Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. nj.com  Customize Your Weather Set Your Location (Enter City and State or Zip Code) Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location &raquo;  comments 'Totally MAD: 60 Years of Humor, Satire, Stupidity and Stupidity' Print Jacqueline Cutler By Jacqueline Cutler The Star-Ledger on October 28, 2012 at 7:00 AM, updated October 28, 2012 at 7:02 AM  View/Post Comments  The cover of a fun look at MAD over the years 'Totally Mad: 60 Years of Humor, Satire, Stupidity and Stupidity' With an Introduction by Stephen Colbert and Eric Drysdale (Time Home Entertainment, 256 pp., $34.95) Several generations of us wisenheimers have Bill Gaines to thank. The late publisher of MAD inspired us to question authority and joke about everything. I was no older than 6 by the time I was hooked, and MAD became my first subscription. It was one I held onto for decades - so loving the irreverent magazine and its publisher that I invited him to my tiny wedding. (He declined - with one of his famous stamps and a handwritten note.) MAD's influence cannot be overstated. Politics, history and pop culture are presented amusingly through its loopy drawings. Kids read it and learn. I have MAD to thank (or blame) for pushing me toward journalism. Not a lot of other jobs mandate that you read - and question - everything. Montclair resident and Comedy Central mainstay Stephen Colbert feels similarly indebted to the humor magazine. He and Eric Drysdale, a writer, introduce the coffee table book in a dialog. Colbert writes: "Well, my first MADs were the ones my older brothers left behind when they went to college. So the first stuff I saw was the 1950s Harvey Kurtzman and Bill Elder stuff, and I just didn't get the cultural references. So that kind of fits in with what you were saying about the different humanistic endeavor continuums in history and the like. Right?" Drysdale goes on to play the straight man to Colbert, explaining how the magazine held this intrigue; that it was a slightly dangerous periodical to read. And Colbert recalls learning about President Nixon as a boy. "I remember I saw Nixon on TV a bunch when I was a kid, and I knew how people talked about him that he was the president and was in some kind of trouble. But because I read MAD, I was able to piece together all of the information and eventually get to this moment of, 'Oh! I get it now! He's the President of the United States ... but look at his funny nose!" In MAD, no one was exempt from ridicule. In a 1989 poem, called "The Reagan" (with apologies to Edgar Allan Poe), Frank Jacobs writes: "Once upon a cold November, back in '80, you'll remember Came to pass a great election, with a wondrous change in store; By a landslide, one was winning, promising a new beginning; Tall and proud, he stood there, grinning, like so many times before; Who was he, this cool one, grinning, like so many times before? 'Twas the Reagan, nothing more." What the magazine did - besides skewer the pompous - was hold us up to the mirror. This book has fun reprints from famous MAD's pieces, including the 1953 classic, "Superduperman." There are essays from longtime staffers and photos of "the usual gang of idiots," which is how Gaines described the staff. He had to be doing something right; he held onto the staff forever. Gaines used to take his staff on an annual trip. "Many of the writers and artists had never met," Jacobs writes. "What better way for everyone to get to know their brethren than to fly them, all expenses paid, for a week or two in a foreign clime? These vacations, with their anticipations and memories, would knot the family ties even tighter. Especially if the trips were stag." Yes, that made my jaw clench, but let's remember when MAD was published, or at least launched. It was the real "Mad Men" age; in fact, their offices were, as the address on the masthead proudly pointed out, on MADison Avenue. The first of these famous trips was to Haiti, which Jacobs writes, was " a Gaines' favorite watering hole. The tone was set the first day. Discovering that the magazine has one subscriber in Port-au-Prince, Gaines piled his charges into five Jeeps, drove to the lad's home, and presented him with a renewal card. " MAD's spoofs of movies, usually drawn by Mort Drucker and written by Stan Hart, remain timeless. "Rocky" became "Rockhead" and included lines such as Rocky talking to his goldfish: "Y'know, you goldfish are my only friends ... but I'm afraid you're put of shape, too... 'cause every time I take you out for a walk, you pass out before we're halfway down the block!" Silly? Absolutely. Subversive? They hoped so. As Colbert recalls, presidents were not exempt; they were targets for questioning. Along the way, you learned. The usual gang of idiots, as MAD writers and artists were affectionately called, contribute to this book. The book is not as exhaustive as "Completely MAD: A History of the Comic Book and Magazine" by Maria Reidelbach, which came out 11 years ago. But this is somehow cozier, more behind the scenes. Any book that features Paterson's Don Martin art, which offered a truly nutty take on the human form, deserves to be read. Even if you don't know his name, his art - featuring people with protruding eyes, skinny limbs and geometric bodies - will likely strike a bell.. As Colbert writes, "Let's just say it was really funny, we learned a lot, and we wouldn't be who we are if we hadn't read it. O.k.?" Definitely, Stephen Colbert. We would not. Jacqueline Cutler: jacquelinecutler@verizon.net  View/Post Comments Related Stories Priscille Sibley: 'The Promise of Stardust' Best friend dogs 'Pug & Doug' in a sweet children's book Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Get Your Weekly Entertainment Guide TV recaps, movie and music reviews, local dining guides, and the latest in Atlantic City entertainment news delivered to your inbox! optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here . Video of the Day  Old Cows - an excerpt from the documentary 'Tick Tock around the clock' Entertainment Essentials Search music, dining, more event listings Get your local TV listings Inside Jersey: N.J.&#39;s lifestyle magazine Trending Videos Most Comments Most Read Most Comments 681 Lawyer releases picture of woman injured by Ashley Chieco in wrong-way crash (PHOTOS) 247 New Jersey isn't 'tax friendly' for retirees, study shows 198 No Sandy aid for summer home owners 185 Frequently jailed Bergen County man calls lifetime alimony 'a circle of hell' 139 Rutgers commit analysis: Deion Hallmon See more comments &raquo; Most Read Jersey City high school candidate for student gov't sent racist texts to himself, school official says Frequently jailed Bergen County man calls lifetime alimony 'a circle of hell' Ready for a $200K bachelor's degree? Tuition at N.J. colleges continues to rise 2 killed in shootings in Newark's South Ward Atlantic City bets on 1st strip club in a casino to boost plunging profits Best of NJ.com The forgotten storm: Hurricane Irene flashback Mountain lion roaming through Princeton yard? $200K bachelor's degree on horizon in N.J.  About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ.com Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Blogs Premium Blogs Site map Claim your free business listing Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food &amp; Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit your photos Submit your videos Forums Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter | Facebook Google+ | foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Cranford Chronicle | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Messenger-Gazette The Warren Reporter Independent Press Suburban News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile Mobile site | iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy &copy; 2013 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved ( About Us ). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Contact interactivity management. Ad Choices  