
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Segmental Info System 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
                                        Monday August 26, 2013
                             
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oklahoma Arts and Entertainment 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 Oklahoma Guide 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 
 
 From film festivals to street dances, the Sooner State offers
			up plenty of arts and entertainment 
 Artful Oklahoma 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Overview 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 Planning  Your Trip 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts and  Entertainment 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Crafts 
 Music 
 Theater 
 Visual Arts 
 
 
 
 
 Food 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Site Info 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Search 
 Sites of Interest 
 Suggest a Site 
 Terms of Use 
 Contact Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oklahoma
boasts a wealth of things to see and do when it comes to the arts. 
Large cities like Tulsa and Oklahoma City generally have the widest
array of arts offerings, but smaller communities have their fair
share, too.  Whether you want to shop for Native American crafts or
go to a concert, Oklahoma has it all. 
 Crafts 
 The main
features of Oklahoma's crafts scene are its Native American crafts
and its craft fairs.  Because of its large Native American
population, the Sooner State is an excellent destination for
travelers seeking tribal folk art.  Trading posts, shops, museums,
powwows, and Native American arts and crafts fairs are all good
places to find authentic goods. 
 Oklahoma
plays host to a number of craft shows and festivals occurring at
different times of the year.  An Affair of the Heart produces several
massive (and popular) craft shows in Oklahoma City and Tulsa.  Ethnic
festivals often include crafts, as well as the chance to enjoy other
cultural entertainment.  Some festivals focus on a particular craft
or theme, like quilt shows and folk festivals.  
 
 You'll also
find a few special craft attractions in Oklahoma. Several doll
museums, a major collection of Dale Chihuly glass art, and local
companies featuring handmade soap and candles are just a few of them.
 
 Dance 
 As far as
dance performances go, only a few professional companies exist in
Oklahoma.  However, these companies are top-notch. Tulsa Ballet,
considered one of the top 10 ballet companies in the U.S., performs
both classic ballets and new works, like their adaptation of  The
Great Gatsby .  Ballet Oklahoma is a resident company at the Civic
Center Music Hall in Oklahoma City, performing about four different
productions each year.  For innovative modern dance, check out
Perpetual Motion, which incorporates aerial moves (done on swings
hanging from above) into their shows.  
 
 University
dance programs provide other dance outlets.  For instance, the
University of Oklahoma has two dance companies affiliated with it. 
Oklahoma Festival Ballet boasts over 40 dancers and has toured the
U.S. and abroad, while Contemporary Dance Oklahoma specializes in
modern dance, dramatic, and abstract performances.  UO's dance school
also presents other student performances, guest artists, and the
annual Young Choreographers' Showcase.      
 
 At powwows
and other festivals, you can watch dancers and sometimes do your own
fancy footwork.  Powwows always center around Native American song
and dance; a few you may want to check out include the Sac and Fox
Nation Powwow, held in Stroud each July; and Wichita Tribal Dance, a
contest that takes place every August in Anadarko.  For another
ethnic twist, head to the Prague Kolache Festival in May for
Czech-style dancing.  Those who like to boot'n' scoot will find
opportunities at all sorts of festivals, because street dancing is
common, whether you're welcoming the rodeo to town or celebrating the
Fourth of July. 
 Dance clubs
and groups provide more opportunities to hit the dance floor. 
Oklahoma City in particular has a couple of clubs where you can
dance, and often get free lessons as well.  In Ponca City, those 18
and older can boogie down at Pulse.  Many dance groups across the
state hold weekly or monthly dances, including round dancing, swing
dancing, square dancing, and ballroom dancing.  
 
 Film 
 Fans of the
silver screen will find a number of ways to enjoy themselves,
including several film festivals. Each of Oklahoma's movie festivals
present a wide variety of independent films, ranging from local to
international flicks.  The newest film fest, the Trail Dance Festival
in Duncan, has already been honored by the state's tourism board as
2007's Outstanding New Event. Hailed as the Top Regional Fest by the
 Ultimate Film Festival Survival Guide,  the
deadCENTER Film Festival has also received accolades for being
one of the best in Oklahoma.
Others include Tulsa Overground, Bare Bones Film Festival (Muskogee),
and Bare Bones Script-2-Screen Film Festival and Conference (Tulsa). 
 
 Over the
years, a number of movies have been filmed at least partially in
Oklahoma, including the Oscar-winning  Rain Man  (1988)
and the cult classic vampire flick  Near Dark  (1987).
 Of course, Oklahoma's location in Tornado Alley made it the perfect
location for the 1996 blockbuster  Twister .
 In the town of Wakita, the building that served as the movie's
production office during its filming has become the Twister Museum. 
Props from the movie, autographs, and behind-the-scenes videos are
among the museum's holdings.  
 
 The Sooner
State has raised a few major film stars as well, such as famed
martial arts actor Chuck Norris.  But Oklahoma is most proud of its
Western stars, like Gene Autry and Will Rogers.  There's even a town
named for Gene Autry, where you'll find the Gene Autry Oklahoma
Museum.  Dedicated to the star and other singing cowboys, its annual
Gene Autry Music and Film Festival features vintage cowboy films and
more.  Two sites pay tribute to Will Rogers, the Will Rogers Memorial
Museum in Claremore and the Will Rogers Birthplace Ranch on Lake
Oologah.  The museum plays Will Rogers films non-stop every day, in
addition to its exhibits and other attractions. 
 
 Literature 
 
A
number of famous writers hail from Oklahoma.  Perhaps one of the most
famous and highly-regarded
is Ralph Ellison.  Best known for his searing portrayal of racial
relations in the bestseller  Invisible
Man ,
Ellison created a world in which African-Americans, living during the
1940s, were, in effect, invisible to the rest of society.  Other
notable authors include Matt
Braun, whose works in the Western genre have won him numerous awards;
and teen novelist S.E. Hinton, famous for books like  The
Outsiders  and  Tex .
 
 
Literary types can attend a few wordy events and places around the
state.  The Oklahoma Center for the Book sponsors literature-related
events at libraries and bookstores, as well as the annual Oklahoma
Book Awards.  February brings the WinterTales Storytelling Festival
to Oklahoma City, and in April there's the Western Writers Round-Up
in Waurika.  For a peek at a historic printing house, stop by the
State Capital Publishing Museum in Guthrie. Travelers can learn about
Sequoyah's invention of a Cherokee syllabary and impact on Native
American literacy at Sequoyah's Cabin in Tahlequah.         
 
 Music 
 There is an
absolute wealth of famous musicians from Oklahoma.  While many of
them are country artists, some popular rock and pop acts have also
called Oklahoma home.  Among them are multiple-award winning artists
Garth Brooks, Toby Keith, Hanson, Color Me Badd, and Wayman Tisdale. 
You can find out more about Sooner State's musicians at the Oklahoma
Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Muskogee.  
 
 Though
country music is especially popular in Oklahoma, visitors will find
plenty of other genres as well.  In Tulsa, Cain's Ballroom still
lives up to its reputation as one of the best places in the country
to hear live music, with today's roster mainly featuring alternative
and rock bands. The annual Dfest (a.k.a. Diversafest) music festival
also presents a diverse variety of rock-based bands.  For classical
music lovers, organizations like the Oklahoma City Philharmonic and
Canterbury Choral Society are the ticket.  If you've got the blues,
head to the Down Home Blues Club in Rentiesville, which also hosts
the Dusk'Til Dawn Blues Festival each autumn.  
 
 Theater 
 Oklahoma's
most vibrant theater scenes can be found in Tulsa and Oklahoma City. 
Among the state's top professional theaters are the Oklahoma City
Theatre Company and  Oklahoma Children's Theatre.  However, the
Sooner State boasts some excellent community theaters as well.  The
Heller Theatre in Tulsa even produces new plays, which is unusual for
community theaters.   
 
 The
varieties of theater offered in Oklahoma run the gamut.  Dinner
theater, Shakespeare, musical theater, and old-fashioned melodramas
are just a few of the opportunities you'll find for a night out. 
Opera fans are limited to one professional company, the Tulsa Opera, 
 named by  Opera News 
as one of the top 10 favorite opera companies in North America.  
 
 Visual
Arts 
 Oklahoma's
Philbrook Museum of Art in Tulsa is one of the most stunning and
prestigious art museums in the country.  The Mabee-Gerrer Museum of
Art has various galleries and studios that provide more good ways to
see art in the Sooner State.  In addition, art events put on by the
Oklahoma Visual Arts Coalition happen in many different cities. 
Influential artists from Oklahoma include Charles Banks Wilson,
Jeffrey Rowland, and Allan Houser.    
 
 The number
of cultural attractions that Oklahoma has nurtured promises both a
rewarding and an enlightening experience. Vacationers to the Sooner
State can enjoy an array of artistic pursuits, which are sure to add
fun to your getaway. 
 
 
 
 Print this Article 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Planning Your Trip 
 Crafts 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 ABOUT SEGISYS 
 TERMS OF USE 
 CONTACT US 
 SUGGEST A SITE 
 
 
  -  dash right to the info you want 
 Copyright &copy; 2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 Print &nbsp;&nbsp;
                     Return to Normal View 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
