  about dmoz |  dmoz blog |  suggest URL | update listing | become an editor | report abuse/spam |  help the entire directory only in Arts_and_Entertainment/Associations Description Top : Business : Arts and Entertainment : Associations (25)  Women's @  (22) Amusement Parks and Attractions @  (13) Audio (2) Costumes @  (7) Photography @  (94) Sports @  (9) See also: Arts: Organizations (370) This category in other languages: German (16) American Society of Cinematographers  - An interactive and in-depth site exploring cinematography and filmmaking, and home to the online version of American Cinematographer magazine.  Art Dealers Association of America  - Non-profit membership organization of the United States' leading galleries in the fine arts.  Association of Lighting Designers  - Represents lighting designers in all fields in the United Kingdom and the rest of the world.  Association of Talent Agents  - The ATA is a non-profit trade association representing talent agencies. Includes general and Union news, classified ads, agent search, agency license requirements by US state, and membership information.  Canyon Cinema  - Organization of filmmakers, which supports, promotes, distributes and preserves independent cinematic works of art.  Carriage Operators of North America  - Organization for commercial horse-drawn carriage operations within the United States.  Cepelia - Polish Art And Handicraft Foundation  - Protects and develops Polish art, handicrafts, and ethnography. Includes profile, details of their organization, cooperatives, the National Artistic and Ethnographic Commission, art galleries and folklore ensembles. [English/Polish].  Colorado Film and Video Association  - A professional association serving the production community, individuals, and students throughout Colorado. Includes resources, links to member associations, news, and calendar of events.  Entertainment Services and Technology Association (ESTA )  - Non-profit trade association representing the North American entertainment technology industry.  Fine Art Dealers Association  - A non-profit membership organization of established art dealers across the United States. Its members are dedicated to promoting and maintaining professionalism, scholarship and integrity in all business.  Imago - European Cinematographers  - Federation of European Cinematographers association helping cinematographers uphold the highest of standards.  International Association of Fairs and Expositions  - IAFE provides services to fairs and expositions around the world. Lists upcoming events with a search feature by month, members, and resources. Includes members-only features.  International Entertainment Buyers Association (IEBA)  - A non-profit organization dedicated to improving the entertainment buying power of its members.  International Laser Display Association  - Site features a guide to the use of laser displays and technology in art, education and entertainment.  International Society for the Performing Arts  - A not-for-profit organization of over 600 members with professional involvement in the performing arts. Includes resources, member directory, news, and events worldwide.  Production Services Association (PSA)  - Association of personnel and companies working in the production, design, touring, technical and support services in the live entertainment industry.  Professional Lighting And Sound Association (PLASA )  - Lighting and sound trade association for the entertainment industry.  Society of Broadcast Engineers  - Offers a range of services to members including technology updates, idea exchanges, training, examinations, and certification. Includes membership and contact details, technical papers, and events .  Society of Television Lighting Directors  - Information about television lighting, lighting directors and lighting equipment.  The Actors' Fund  - Help for people in the Entertainment industry when a personal or family crisis threatens their well-being.  The Motion Picture Editors Guild  - An entertainment labor union representing picture, sound, music, assistant, animation, technical directors, librarian and apprentice motion picture editors.  The Society of Operating Cameramen (SOC)  - The principal purpose of the S.O.C. is to recognize and nurture excellence in the field of camera operation and, secondarily, in the allied camera crafts, and to encourage development of both technology and production methods.  United States Institute for Theatre Technology (USITT)  - Association of design, production and technology professionals in the entertainment industry.   " Associations "searchon: AOL - Ask - Bing - Gigablast - Google - Lycos - Yahoo - Yippy  Volunteer to edit this category.  Copyright &copy; 2013 Netscape Terms of Use Visit our sister sites mozilla.org | MusicMoz | Wikipedia Last update: Thursday, June 3, 2010 11:45:14 AM EDT - edit 