 Tampa Downtown Partnership Quick Links Learn Live Work Play Events My Itinerary Learn Live Work Play Getting Around The Partnership Maps &amp; Guides Print This Page Monday Morning Memo Signup For Our E-Newsletter Play. Aquarium Sports Arenas Art Galleries Convention Center/ Visitor Information Museums Performing Arts Theaters Downtown Tampa Arts & Entertainment Pass  Home &gt; Play &gt; Arts &amp; Entertainment Share |  Tampa Arts &amp; Entertainment Downtown Tampa Arts and Entertainment Pass $78.75 value for only $30! And even more savings during the month of August ... Don't miss this great deal for an overnight stay deal through August 31, 2013  And the other pass offers (excluding the overnight stay) are valid through September 30, 2013. AND NOW THE PASS OFFERS A STAYCATION DEAL WITH COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT-DOWNTOWN JOINING IN! Purchase a $30 pass and qualify for a discounted one-night stay at the Courtyard by Marriott, Tampa Downtown any night during the month of August for only $50 plus tax/fees! And the pass you purchase will still be valid through September 30... this is the gift that keeps giving!  Learn more at Downtown A&amp;E Pass .  Your Guide to Arts &amp; Entertainment in Downtown Tampa Arts and entertainment play a major role in Downtown Tampa, not just because of its tourism, but because of the way the arts have been such a catalyst in rejuvenating our district. Downtown has become the arts and entertainment center of the Tampa Bay region. Explore the Downtown Tampa arts and entertainment scene by visiting the pages below. A quarium Sports Arenas &amp; Teams Art Galleries Nightlife Venues Convention Center &amp; Visitor Information Museums Performing Arts Theaters Tours Need more ideas of things to do?Check out www.artstampabay.com for great suggestions of arts and entertainment options throughout Tampa Bay! Copyright 2013, Tampa Downtown Partnership. Website Developed By Bayshore Solutions Contact Us Press Releases Privacy Sitemap Disclaimer Getting Around Interactive Map Mobile Site  