 Entertainment Web Humor Search Web Humor Viral Videos Memes & Comics Blogs & Social Share Must Reads Best New Memes of 2013 Best Parodies of Daft Punk's Get Lucky Funniest Shredded Videos on YouTube The Surreal Life of Bizarro Comics 10 Most Popular YouTube Humor Clips Ever Beverly Jenkins Web Humor Guide Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Forum Browse Topic Funny Websites Viral Videos Best of the Best Web Comics Stupid But Funny Blogs, Tweets & Emails Holiday Humor Smart Stuff For Kids 10 Funny Vine Users To Follow Who's making the most hilarious six second movies? When Twitter rolled out Vine, its new video-sharing app for mobile devices, it was only a matter of time before the most hilarious people online started creating funny six second mini-movies. Read More » Further Reading Most Embarrassing Celebrity Twitpics Funniest Celebrity Twitter Mistakes What is Vine, And Why Is It Funny? LOL Image Galleries Best of the Sloth Memes Funniest "In The Way Guy" Meme 'Blurred Lines' Video Is Prime Parody Material Thursday August 22, 2013 Sometimes, parodies just write themselves.  That's definitely the case with this summer's hottest song, "Blurred Lines" by Robin Thicke.  The hit pop song has been spoofed, covered, and mashed up every which way lately, so I took the liberty of listing the best videos to come down the pipeline so far.   Check it out ! Join the Web Humor fun on  Facebook ,  Twitter , and  Google+ . Comments (0) Permalink Share August's Best Memes Monday August 19, 2013 So far, the two best new memes to come up this month have both been Photoshop-based creations.  First came " Displeased Purple Bill Clinton :" Then came the extremely viral hashtag game, #1letterwrongmovie: Check out a run down of both of these hilarious new memes here ! Join the Web Humor fun on Facebook , Twitter , and Google+ . Comments (1) Permalink Share Shred Videos Totally Rock Tuesday August 13, 2013 What would it look like if a popular musician was having a really, really off-night?  Or, more to the point, what would it sound like?  That's the premise behind "shredded" videos, a funny new YouTube trend that edits the audio on musical performances so that the video looks like a talented musical group, but sounds like a crappy garage band. Everyone is getting the shred treatment lately, from the Beach Boys to Daft Punk.  See the best shred videos on YouTube right here ! Comments (2) Permalink Share Daft Punk Helps The Internet "Get Lucky" Thursday August 8, 2013 Daft Punk's "Get Lucky" is offically the biggest musical hit of the summer, so naturally, the memes and parodies have been rolling in!   Here's my list of the funniest versions of the smash song to hit the web so far, and it includes great stuff like yelling goats, Stephen Colbert and his A-list buddies (on roller skates!), the POTUS, and even a bunch of half-naked co-eds. Let me guess... I had you at "naked co-eds," right?  I thought so.   Enjoy ! Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Free Web Humor Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Web Humor Must Reads Best New Memes of 2013 Best Parodies of Daft Punk's Get Lucky Funniest Shredded Videos on YouTube The Surreal Life of Bizarro Comics 10 Most Popular YouTube Humor Clips Ever Most Popular 10 Funny Vine Users To Follow The 20 Funniest Webcomics The 13 Funniest Harry Potter Comedy Videos Online Best Displeased Purple Bill Clinton Memes The 25 Best Articles from The Onion Free Web Humor Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Funny Websites Viral Videos Best of the Best Web Comics Stupid But Funny Blogs, Tweets & Emails Holiday Humor Smart Stuff For Kids Web Humor About.com Entertainment Web Humor Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 