  Gizmag's YouTube Channel Follow Gizmag on Twitter Explore Gizmag Subscribe  Read our latest product comparisons Modus III aims to be a complete iPad workstation Solar-powered EV ARC provides electric vehicle charging, wherever you want it Mixing your drinks: How to reduce the dehydrating effect of consuming beer after sport Concept cars out in force for 63rd Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance Promising antibacterial coating created from green tea and salt more top stories Automotive Ford studies space robots to improve car safety By David Szondy August 26, 2013 4 Pictures Ford has turned to space robots in an effort to make driving safer and more efficient. The motor car company has embarked on a three-year research partnership with the telematics department of St. Petersburg Polytechnic University in Russia to study communications systems for space robots as a way of improving technology currently under development to produce cars able to communicate directly with one another and with the internet. Read More  Vauxhall Monza Concept to feature LED projection infotainment system By David Szondy August 26, 2013 1 Comment 10 Pictures When we last looked at the Vauxhall Monza Concep t, Vauxhall/Opel CEO Karl-Thomas Neumann hinted at an innovative infotainment technology and new body design. Now the lid has been lifted a bit, and we can see more of the new take on the 70s classic. When the concept is presented at the Frankfurt Motor Show next month, it will not only have a modular powertrain, but the first LED projection infotainment system fitted in a passenger car. Read More Solar-powered EV ARC provides electric vehicle charging, wherever you want it By Heidi Hoopes August 26, 2013 3 Pictures If you wanted to charge an electric vehicle anywhere, without permits, digging holes, pouring concrete, or wiring up to the grid, Envision Solar's new portable solar-powered electric vehicle charger ticks all the boxes. Envision, known for turning parking lots into reasonably attractive vehicle-charging factories, has introduced a next step of clean electric vehicle charging, intended for businesses or cities who need a quick and easy way to offer this service to clients in the form of a single parking space. Read More Concept cars out in force for 63rd Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance By Angus MacKenzie August 26, 2013 1 Comment 188 Pictures This year's Pebble Beach Concours d’Elegance saw 260 distinguished collectible cars gathered on the 18th fairway of the famous links to celebrate the 63rd anniversary of the event. Nestled amongst this mouth-watering automotive array was the “concept lawn” – a new world order showcase of over twenty concepts cars and new production models including world and North American debuts. Gizmag was there to capture the best of what the lawn had to offer. Read More BMW Concept X5 eDrive to join hybrid deluge in Frankfurt By C.C. Weiss August 23, 2013 4 Comments 12 Pictures We're beginning to wonder if there will be any new gasoline cars at the Frankfurt Motor Show, because hybrids are really dominating the pre-show sneak peeks. BMW is the latest to join the likes of Mercedes and Land Rover . It explores what happens when you add a plug-in hybrid powertrain to the X5 crossover. Read More Mercedes gives flagship S 500 the plug-in hybrid treatment By C.C. Weiss August 22, 2013 5 Comments 8 Pictures Mercedes-Benz's range-topping S-Class now has a "3 liters per 100 km" car. Hot on the heels of the all-electric SLS AMG supercar , the S 500 Plug-In Hybrid packs an electric motor powered by an externally charged lithium-ion battery. The plug-in combines up to 19 miles (30 km) of emissions-free commuting with the acceleration and performance expected of an S-Class. Read More Nissan Patrol tows 170.9-ton cargo plane to set new Guinness World Record By Darren Quick August 22, 2013 14 Comments 3 Pictures Airplanes seem to be the default standard when automakers want to demonstrate the pulling power of a particular vehicle. Nissan has stuck with this yardstick in using its Patrol 4WD to pull a fully-laden Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane weighing 170.9 tons over 50 m to set a new Guinness World Record. Read More Ferrari 458 Speciale, another "most powerful" ever By C.C. Weiss August 22, 2013 8 Comments 7 Pictures Ferrari has prepared an upgraded version of the venerable 458 Italia for debut at the Frankfurt Motor Show. The Prancing Horse has covered the 458 in improvements, from enhanced aerodynamics to increased power. This special variant promises to add an extra dose of excitement to a sports car already considered one of the best of the best by many a driver and publication. Read More Land Rover's first diesel-electric hybrid Range Rovers hit the off-road By C.C. Weiss August 22, 2013 4 Comments 9 Pictures Just a few weeks after putting its Electric Defender through the rigors of field testing, Land Rover is highlighting its first-ever hybrid models. The Range Rover Hybrid and Range Rover Hybrid Sport will have a much surer track to market than the E-Defender prototype. In fact, they'll be available for order in less than a month. Read More Galpin reinvents the Ford GT with 1,000 horses and a $1 million price tag By C.C. Weiss August 21, 2013 13 Comments 24 Pictures It's been more than half a decade since Ford had a legitimate answer for the SRT Viper and Chevy Corvette , and some parties are getting antsy. Galpin Auto Sports made its own rendition of a 2013 Ford GT, adding a downright beastly 1,024-hp V8 engine. Galpin's GTR1 remains true to the original GT in many ways but soars right past Viper and Corvette territory and into McLaren / LeFerrari / Bugatti turf. Read More 1 2 3 4 5 Next &#187; Looking for something? Search our 23,808 articles Sections Features Reviews Aircraft Architecture Around The Home Automotive Bicycles Children Computers Digital Cameras Electronics Environment Games Good Thinking Health and Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Home Entertainment Inventors and Remarkable People Laptops Marine Medical Military Mobile Technology Motorcycles Music Outdoors Pets Robotics Science Space Sports Telecommunications Urban Transport Wearable Electronics Recent popular articles in Automotive Galpin reinvents the Ford GT with 1,000 horses and a $1 million price tag Audi turns to sequential lighting indicators Nissan Patrol tows 170.9-ton cargo plane to set new Guinness World Record T3 Tactical Auto Rescue Tool looks mean, but is made to help Armadillo-T electric car rolls up like its namesake BMW unveils Concept M4 Coupe Mercedes reveals 2015 GLA-Class crossover ahead of Frankfurt Elio Motors highlights its $7,000, 84-mpg 3-wheeled car The 100 most reliable cars of the last decade (in order) Tesla Model S receives top marks in NHTSA safety testing  Most Popular Articles Today Last week All time Concept cars out in force for 63rd Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance Samsung moves into mass production of 3D flash memory Synchronized virtual reality heartbeat triggers out-of-body experiences Panasonic develops ultra-wide 64:9 video system Concept cars out in force for 63rd Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance - Images Boeing rolls out first Dreamliner 787-9 Mixing your drinks: How to reduce the dehydrating effect of consuming beer after sport Solar-powered EV ARC provides electric vehicle charging, wherever you want it House in a Warehouse turns industrial space into efficient family home Modus III aims to be a complete iPad workstation  Most Commented Articles Today Last week All time Beyond the hype of Hyperloop: An analysis of Elon Musk's proposed transit system (40) New drug mimics the beneficial effects of exercise (36) Varibike lets you pedal with your legs – and your arms (21) Carbon-neutral Woodcube apartment block made almost entirely from wood (20) Field Trip for Google Glass illustrates the perks (and creepiness) of being a cyborg (18) Galpin reinvents the Ford GT with 1,000 horses and a $1 million price tag (14) Nissan Patrol tows 170.9-ton cargo plane to set new Guinness World Record (14) Whaddaya get when you cross a quadcopter with a plane? The HQ UAV (12) CouchBunker conceals a gun safe beneath bullet-resistant cushions (11) F-35B makes first vertical night landing at sea (10) Subscribe to Gizmag's Email Newsletter Subscribe Follow Gizmag on Twitter Subscribe to Gizmag's YouTube channel Subscribe to Gizmag's RSS feed Follow Gizmag on Stumbleupon Follow Gizmag on Google Plus All content copyright &copy; Gizmag 2003 - 2013 Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms &amp; Conditions Advertise  