  ZIP CODE: | You have been signed out of My KBB Saved Cars Saved Comparisons Cars I might Like Most Researched Cars Dealer Price Quotes ZIP CODE: Account Profile Sign Out Not a Member? Become a member today for free and: Save your research Save car comparison Save price quote requests See our customized car recommendations Sign up today Sign In Email: Password: Remember me Sign in Forgot your password? Forgot Password? Enter your email address, and we’ll send you a new password.  Email:  Go Sign Up for MyKBB I already have an account Email: Confirm Email:  Set Password: Confirm Password: Profile Name:  I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use .   I'd like email updates when KBB releases new products and services.  Privacy Policy  Sign up You've created your personalized KBB Profile! Now you can start saving your car research and get customized car recommendations. Click on a link below to start. My Recently Viewed Cars My Profile To save a ZIP code, allow your browser to accept cookies. Enter Your ZIP CODE Please enter a valid 5-digit ZIP code. Location: Save Your ZIP code is used to provide you with information specific to your location.  Privacy Policy  | Values outside the United States  Home Car Values What should I pay for a new car? What's my current car worth? What should I pay for a used car? Cars for Sale Show Me Cars That Meet My Needs Search by Make or Model Sell Your Car Free Dealer Price Quote Find Local Dealers Car Reviews KBB Expert Reviews Consumer Reviews Safety &amp; Quality Ratings KBB Top Picks Top 10s &amp; Award Winners 10 Best Family Cars of 2012 10 Most Fuel-efficient SUVs &amp; Crossovers 10 Best Sedans Under $25,000 Best Resale Value Awards Auto Shows This Week in New Cars Research Tools Compare Cars Calculate Payments Vehicle History 5-Year Cost to Own Finance Insurance Check Your Credit Photos &amp; Videos Rebates &amp; Incentives Maintain Your Car  What should I pay for a new car? I know which new car I want I'd like to compare new cars I want a Certified Pre-Owned car What should I pay for a used car? I know which used car I want I want a Certified Pre-Owned car I'd like to browse local listings What's my current car worth? I plan to trade it in I plan to sell it myself I'm just curious Which car is right for me? See KBB expert reviews & videos Help me compare new & used cars   0 1 2 3 4 5  Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) Vehicles These high quality low-mileage used cars have been thoroughly inspected and are backed by extended manufacturers' warranties. Learn More About Certified Pre-Owned Cars New Car Spotlight  advertisement why ads?  2013 Kelley Blue Book Best Resale Value Awards Our experts tell you the brands and vehicles predicted to hold their value best. See the winners Check Used Car History Go No VIN? No Problem! Your Tools for Buying and Selling New &amp; Used Cars Which cars can you afford? How do trade-in values compare to private-sale values? Which car is right for you? Is it the right time to buy or sell? Our tools can help. Cars For Sale Monthly Car Payment Calculator Compare Cars New Car Prices Used Car Prices Trade-In and Blue Book Values Sell Your Car Top Picks and Tips 10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000 for 2013 Automakers keep making it easier to give them less money. Small cars are getting quieter, more comfortable and more tech-savvy every year, while remaining more affordable and more fuel-efficient than their class-above counterparts. And they&#39;ve never looked so good. Here are the coolest cars you can buy for less than... Read Full Article 10 Best Luxury SUVs of 2013 Expand Collapse You&#39;ve made it this far in life, now you want to go a little further and you want to do it in style, comfort and, quite possibly, leather. Here&#39;s a world-class selection of first-class SUVs designed to turn your suburban-jungle exploits into something more like a spa day with extra... Read Full Article 10 Best Sedans Under $25,000 for 2013 Expand Collapse Good news/bad news: The gene pool for new sedans that cost less than $25,000 has never been stronger, whether you&#39;re shopping for a family car, a commuter car, or both. That means a lot more great choices, but also more questions about which sedan is right for you. This list... Read Full Article 10 Best Family Cars Expand Collapse Show us 10 families and we&#39;ll likely suggest a different car for each, but all will score high in areas like safety, roominess, comfort and value. Our annual list aimed at helping families find the right ride always includes something for everyone, with a nod to the best of what&#39;s... Read Full Article 10 Best SUVs Under $25,000 Expand Collapse Far more flexible than a sedan but more affordable, maneuverable and fuel-efficient than a larger SUV, today&#39;s compact SUV is a masterful mix of practicality. And it&#39;s an exciting time to be shopping the segment, as eight of this year&#39;s 10 handpicked standouts are totally redesigned or first-ever models.... Read Full Article 2013-2014 Midsize Sedans Expand Collapse The midsize sedan segment is our 2013 Category of the Year. It&#39;s an unofficial award that was conceived and decided in the span of an opening sentence, but today&#39;s midsize sedans are an amazing group deserving of special recognition. The Chevy Malibu, Ford Fusion, Honda Accord... Read Full Article Editors&#39; Page: 2013 Honda Accord Expand Collapse If the country ever has to decide on just one car, we need to take a long look at the Accord. Just for fun we asked Google how many times the terms Accord and gold standard have appeared together on KBB.com over the years, but the... Read Full Article 10 Best Mileage Maxers Expand Collapse Green cars have gone mainstream. More and more of the best-selling cars in the country are being offered in hybrid, diesel or even pure electric form, giving buyers the ability to drive the car they want with the powertrain they prefer. Of course, the specialty models are better than ever,... Read Full Article 10 Most Fuel-Efficient SUVs of 2013 Expand Collapse Looking to enjoy the versatility and raised perch of an SUV without resorting to gas mileage in the teens? Good news: You have more great choices than ever. Here are the 10 most fuel-efficient SUVs of the 2013 model year, ranked by combined fuel economy when equipped with automatic transmissions.... Read Full Article 5-Year Cost to Own Awards 2013 Expand Collapse You always want to get the best deal possible, but the price you pay for a new car is only the beginning. Fuel, financing and insurance are a few of the costs that add up every month, and the actual cost of the vehicle itself -- the amount you pay... Read Full Article The 40 mpg Cars of 2013 Expand Collapse The bar has been raised: 40 mpg combined is the new 40 mpg highway. While our 2012 list of fuel misers included every car with a highway (or city) rating of 40 mpg or better, this year we required the tougher rating of 40 mpg combined. Here are this year&#39;s... Read Full Article 10 Best Used Cars Under $8,000 Expand Collapse New cars have never been more reliable, so used-car buyers have never had it so good. For the following list we first compiled all the used cars 2003 and newer with a Kelley Blue Book Retail Value of less than $8,000 as of January 2013, then handpicked 10 standouts based... Read Full Article Class of 2014: See the All-New Cars Expand Collapse  Today&#39;s cars are just so... familiar. Day in and day out, on every highway and in every parking lot, we&#39;re bombarded by all the same cars... Read Full Article KBB Short Answer: Honda Pilot or Ford Explorer? Expand Collapse The Short Answer: 2013 Honda Pilot How Close? Close, but we expected it to be a little closer Honda Pilot Key Advantage: Superior driving manners Ford Explorer Advantage: More in-vehicle tech Downsizing without Compromise Until recently, lofty full-size SUVs were the de facto choice for... Read Full Article 10 Coolest Cars Under $25,000 Expand Collapse If you&#39;re looking for an affordable small car that&#39;s not boring, check out our annual list of the 10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000. On the list that follows -- our first look at the Coolest Cars Under $25,000 -- you&#39;re going to run into some legendary firepower with names like... Read Full Article KBB Short Answer: Toyota Camry or Honda Accord? Expand Collapse The Short Answer: 2013 Honda Accord How Close? As close as we expected Honda Accord Key Advantages: More technologies, more satisfying to drive Toyota Camry Key Advantages: Softer and quieter highway ride, simpler to operate Also: See all 12 of your 2013-2014 midsize sedan options ... Read Full Article Explore Vehicles New Cars Used Cars by category by make new Sedan 4 doors and a trunk the most popular body style in the U.S. Wagon A 4-door car with added cargo space and versatility Crossover The tall stance of an SUV; the comfort and efficiency of a car Luxury Comfort, convenience and prestige, in a variety of shapes and sizes Coupe A 2-door, usually sleeker and sportier than a sedan Hatchback A 2- or 4-door car, with a hatch instead of a trunk SUV Capable like a truck, with plenty of room for people and cargo Hybrid An efficient mix of gas and electric power Convertible A retractable roof for more sun, wind, and freedom Pickup A truck with an open bed, useful for work and play Van/Minivan Ultimate people-movers, filled with family convenience Electric Plug, unplug and go no gas needed  used Sedan 4 doors and a trunk the most popular body style in the U.S. Wagon A 4-door car with added cargo space and versatility Crossover The tall stance of an SUV; the comfort and efficiency of a car Luxury Comfort, convenience and prestige, in a variety of shapes and sizes Coupe A 2-door, usually sleeker and sportier than a sedan Hatchback A 2- or 4-door car, with a hatch instead of a trunk SUV Capable like a truck, with plenty of room for people and cargo Hybrid An efficient mix of gas and electric power Convertible A retractable roof for more sun, wind, and freedom Pickup A truck with an open bed, useful for work and play Van/Minivan Ultimate people-movers, filled with family convenience new Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo used Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo  advertisement why ads? advertisement why ads? Free Dealer Price Quote Get the best price and be more prepared with your free, no-obligation price quote ZIP Code Get your quote We've Got Motorcycle Blue Book Values We’re not exclusive to autos. We've got Blue Book Values for motorcycles, personal watercraft and snowmobiles too. Get Blue Book Values for: Motorcycles Personal Watercraft Snowmobiles Poll: Your Opinion Counts!  If a new car you are looking to buy was also available as “driverless” right now with no additional costs, would you buy it instead? I would buy the driverless car I would buy the traditional-drive car View Results Submit your vote  You have voted successfully! Please do not vote repeatedly.  advertisement why ads? Server www.kbb.comDataVersionId 44038Content Last Updated 8/27/2013 9:15:27 AMSource Control 2.2.27.1Assembly Version=2.2.27.1Vehicle Transactions ETL Created Date 8/20/2013 9:40:11 PMVehicle Transactions Latest Transaction Date 8/16/2013 12:00:00 AMUsedCar 8-8/2013 v13083New Car v130803Motorcycle 0-0/2013 v0 Search: Popular Topics Best Cars Car Classifieds Best Resale Value Awards 5-Year Cost-to-Own Center New Cars for 2014 Car Reviews & News Car Reviews Car Videos 2013 NY Auto Show Car News Car Infographics Help FAQ Site Map Find a New Car What's My Car Worth KBB SM Mobile Company About Us Contact Us Careers Corporate Information Industry Relations Advertising Media Center Linking Policy Business Solutions Follow KBB Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn RSS Mobile Apps iPhone &reg; Android&trade; Windows &reg; © 1995-2013 Kelley Blue Book Co. &reg; , Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright & Trademarks | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Ad Choices    