 Skip to page content Skip to site navigation Home :: Consumer Protection :: Consumer Corner :: Publications AG Chris Koster | FAQs | Spanish Version / AGO en español Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster Search AGO AGO Home Agriculture &amp; Environment Consumer Protection Law Enforcement Open Government  Consumer Corner Encyclopedia Publications Request a Speaker Worksheets Where to find help All About Autos &lt; Back | Introduction | New cars | Used cars | Odometer rollback | Car repair disputes page 5 of 5 pdf Car repair disputes and car repair complaints In Missouri, state consumer laws prohibitunfair and deceptive practices in auto repair.Mechanics who mislead, deceive or makemisrepresentations to consumers may besubject to penalties under the MerchandisingPractices Act found in Chapter 407 of theMissouri Revised Statutes. Good judgment, advance planning and alittle caution can help you avoid manycommon auto repair difficulties. Tips to follow when you have car repair problems Research repair shops. Ask friends andneighbors if they know a reliable mechanic.Contact your local Better Business Bureauto check a shop's reputation, or call theAttorney General's Consumer ProtectionHotline to see if there are any complaintsabout the shop. Before you take your car to the shop, payattention to your car's problem. Be specificin describing your car's symptoms and tellthe mechanic about any past repairs forsimilar trouble. Although you may not fully understandthe technical terms, carefully listen to themechanic's diagnosis. Don't be afraid to askquestions if you don't understand something.Get a cost estimate in writing and instructthe mechanic to call for authorization beforemaking repairs not listed on the originalrepair order. If you believe the mechanic hasrecommended unnecessary work or you aredissatisfied with the estimate, get a secondopinion. This is an especially good ideawhen your car needs major repairs. Knowthe law The stateconsumerprotectionlaws arefound in Chapter407 of the Missouri Revised Statues . If the mechanic recommends replacingcertain parts, ask for the old parts. You mayreceive credit on some parts if the mechanicwants to keep them. It's a particularly goodidea to keep the old parts if you areconcerned that unnecessary work is beingdone. If you want the old parts returned, thatinformation must be included on the repairorder before the work begins. Dealing with disputes over car repairs Many disputes arise whenconsumers pick up their cars andsee the service bills. How to avoiddisputes: Make sure the repair orderspecifically lists the labor, partsand services performed. Be surethe repairs listed on the repairorder cover all the problems youdescribed. If the work is guaranteed, get allthe warranty information inwriting on the repair order or bill. If you do have a problem, suchas the bill greatly exceeds theestimate or the repairs weremade improperly, always go backto the original mechanic. Often,a dispute can be settled quicklyand calmly. If the business refuses to correctthe problem or answer yourquestions about the bill, legalaction may be appropriate. Youroptions include contacting theAttorney General's Office, theBetter Business Bureau and yourown attorney. &lt; Back | Introduction | New cars | Used cars | Odometer rollback | Car repair disputes Tell a friend View this publication on one page for printing Consumer Corner Consumer Corner Home Encyclopedia Publications Request a Speaker Where to find help Agriculture &amp; Environment Environmental Protection Missouri River Consumer Protection Check-A-Charity Consumer Complaints Identity Theft Know MO No Call List Consumer Corner Consumer Publications For Seniors Business Registrations Law Enforcement Concealed Carry Reciprocity Crime Victims State &amp; Local Law Prosecuting Attorneys Vehicle Stops Report Open Government AGO by Division Employment Opportunities News Opinions Sunshine Law  AGO en espa&ntilde;ol | State homepage | Missouri statutes | Forms | Help | Site Map | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Contact Us 