 page generated at: Tue Aug 27 20:19:55 BST 2013page generated by escenic.server/hostname: nat-pres5.tm-aws.com/nat-pres5.tm-aws.com article config section used (for article sections): config.article.3am  Mirror 3am For the love of Gossip! How we use cookies Front page News Latest News UK News Weird News Technology &amp; Science Real Life Stories World news Crime Trending Today David Cameron Michael Caine Sean Connery Prince Andrew, Duke of York Sarah Ferguson Popular this week Peru arrests Weather Crime Politics Sport Latest Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports  Fantasy Football  Trending Today Gareth Bale David Moyes Daniel Levy Karim Benzema Jose Mourinho Popular this week The Ashes Luis Suarez transfer Gareth Bale transfer Transfer gossip round-up 3am Latest 3am Celebrity News US gossip Style TV &amp; film news Weird celeb news Trending Today Miley Cyrus Robin Thicke Harry Styles Taylor Swift Selena Gomez Popular this week One Direction Harry Styles Simon Cowell baby Niall Horan Chris Fountain TV Latest TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews Trending Today Ben Affleck Christian Bale Abz Love Courtney Stodden Bruce Wayne Popular this week The Great British Bake Off X Factor Doctor Who Big Brother Coronation Street Lifestyle Latest Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Staying in Going out Sex &amp; Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring Reader offers Trending Today Barack Obama Oprah Winfrey John Kennedy Forest Whitaker Richard Hammond Popular this week Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Money Latest Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Popular this week ISAs Energy Mortgages Credit cards Current accounts Cheap insurance Play Latest Play Crosswords Sudoku Competitions  Bingo Poker <li style="margin-top:1px; padding-bottom:0;"><a style="background-position: -369px -115px;" href="/quiz">Quiz</a></li>  Trending Today Miley Cyrus Robin Thicke Harry Styles Taylor Swift Arsene Wenger Opinion Latest Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Trending Today Miley Cyrus Robin Thicke Harry Styles Taylor Swift Gareth Bale Popular this week Bedroom tax George Osborne Paul Gascoigne Harry Styles girlfriend Weather  Search:  Please provide search keyword(s) Home 3am Celebrity News Beyonce music Your Account Edit Profile Logout  By James Robertson Bow Down, babies! Beyonce fans recreate cover art for controversial new single 22 Mar 2013 11:01 Some people got a little outraged after the singer did a swear on her new single but clearly her big fans couldn't care less  Bey-by pictures, innit GETTY/INSTAGRAM She was criticised for being unnecessarily offensive but that isn’t stopping Beyonce talking about her new music. The singer unveiled a rather sweary and passive-aggressive preview last week which divided fans between ‘it’s amazing’ and ‘I’d rather listen to the Crazy Frog’. And those who reckon new tune Bow Down is the best song of all time have recreated the iconic cover art. In the original snap, a young Beyonce stands in a trophy room dressed in a big pink dress. The mum-of-one - who yesterday became the face of H&amp;M - posted the montage on her Instagram account as her fans shared their own Bow Down moments. The hook for the three minute, 43 second track is: “I know when you were little girls you dreamt of being in my world. Don’t forget it. Respect that. Bow Down b******.” We regret not sending Beyonce the picture of us eating worms (aged five) INSTAGRAM The song is split between two different tracks. Bow Down was produced by Hit-Boy – who featured in Britney Spears and Will.i.am's remix of Scream &amp; Shout – and Bey teamed up with Timbaland on I Been On. ‘WOW how amazing is this new Beyonce single!! Bow down to Queen Bey,’ tweeted a fan. A different user wrote: ‘Just heard Beyonce's new song. I feel so bad for every other artist in the game. There is no competition. She reigns supreme.' The sample from her O2 Priority promo video can also be heard on the new clip. We love this picture so much we want to frame it INSTAGRAM But her return hasn’t been greeted with strictly positive comments from fans. One listener wrote on Twitter: ‘This song makes no sense, is randomly offensive, and is way out of Beyonce's lane.’ Another added: ‘how can u sing at the presidents inauguration then release this disgusting, offensive song Beyonce? I'm genuinely shocked.’   A separate comment read: ‘The new Beyonce song is horrid. Unnecessary swearing, offensive misogynistic referencing of women, and terrible music and vocals. 0/1000.’ While one sniped: ‘So much for female empowerment.’ And Radio1 DJ Scott Mills said on Twitter: ‘Is that Beyonce song a joke?’ Don't miss Beyonce LIVE in the UK for The Mrs Carter Show world tour - get your tickets HERE. NOTE: The following needs to be done on the server side1. If image is a portrait, set image class to "portrait"2. If image is a landscape, set image class to "landscape" View gallery GETTY " " " " " " " " " " Beyoncé: Hilarious faces from Super Bowl performance View gallery   < />  Recently Published Beyonce unveils Pepsi video Mirrors with new song Grown Woman and showcases sexy dance routine She transforms into three of her most iconic looks for a dance-off against herself in the most amazing one-minute clip we've EVER seen (ever) Beyonce dazzles showing off bikini body and debuts new track Standing On The Sun in sexiest video yet Beyonce singing with Joe McElderry at concert: &#034;You sound beautiful&#034; Previous Articles Beyonce is the new face of H&amp;M, that&#039;s our holiday wardrobe sorted then H&amp;M - or Hennes as we like to call it - has confirmed that Beyonce is starring in their Summer campaign and designed some pieces too Say cheese! Celebs strike a pose for new book by showbiz snappers  Related Tags In the news Beyonce music People Beyonce    See more stories you'll love You've turned off story recommendations. Turn them on and we'll update the list below with stories we think you'll love ( how we do this ). Recommended in 3am Why? Abbey Clancy Abbey Clancy finds her missing cat and the world resumes turning again Kim Kardashian Kim Kardashian continues to try and lose her baby weight with a lovely hike with her sisters Celebrity pictures of the day David Beckham relaxes on the beach and Pamela Anderson frames her boobs: Celebrity pictures of the day One Direction One Direction stands up for Harry Styles after Taylor Swift&#039;s VMA diss Celebrity Big Brother contestants Could Celebrity Big Brother&#039;s Sophie Anderton and Mario Falcone get it on? Professor Green Professor Green dresses up in leopard print and it&#039;s all Millie Mackintosh&#039;s fault Eminem Listen: Eminem unveils new track Berzerk and confirms The Marshall Mathers LP 2 release date Lucy Mecklenburgh Lucy Mecklenburgh: I am disgusted to be an anorexic pin-up Just Sayin' Harry Styles caught making rude gesture after joking about Miley Cyrus&#039; MTV VMA performance - Just Sayin&#039; Khloe Kardashian Khloe Kardashian is still wearing her wedding ring, which obviously means her marriage is steady as a rock Most Read in 3am Taylor Swift Taylor Swift&#039;s horrified reaction to Miley Cyrus&#039; VMA performance, watch here MTV VMAs MTV VMA 2013: Miley Cyrus wears nude PVC hot pants in most daring performance yet Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus poses in spandex for racy pictures after controversial MTV VMA twerking performance Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus criticised by fans for controversial MTV VMA performance Miley Cyrus Robin Thicke&#039;s mother criticises Miley Cyrus following VMA performance - and sympathises with her parents  Jacamo Competition  Does your fella have what it takes.... to be the next big male model? Enter here Bingo  Get £20 FREE on your first deposit Join Now! Win a Holiday  Fancy a great beach getaway? Enter now for your chance to win See more stories you'll love You've turned off story recommendations. Turn them on and we'll update the list below with stories we think you'll love ( how we do this ). Recommended on the Mirror Why? Arsenal FC Arsenal vs Fenerbahce LIVE: All the action from the Champions League play-off, plus goal updates from the Capital One Cup Abbey Clancy Abbey Clancy finds her missing cat and the world resumes turning again Exams Liberia&#039;s university entrance exam failed by all 25,000 students who took it Kim Kardashian Kim Kardashian continues to try and lose her baby weight with a lovely hike with her sisters Crime Lad aged SEVEN caught by police driving his drunk dad home iPhone iPhone thieves pose in their pants at beach unaware snaps are being beamed back to owner England football team Joe Hart backed to the hilt by England boss Hodgson following howlers against Scotland and Cardiff Celebrity pictures of the day David Beckham relaxes on the beach and Pamela Anderson frames her boobs: Celebrity pictures of the day One Direction One Direction stands up for Harry Styles after Taylor Swift&#039;s VMA diss Cyberbullying Michael Gove calls for schools to teach pupils respect to tackle teenage cyberbullying    View: Desktop Mobile Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Sell Your Story Cookie Policy For the record Privacy Statement Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror News UK News Weird News Technology &amp; Science Real Life Stories World news Crime Play Crosswords Sudoku Competitions Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports Fantasy Football TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews 3am Celebrity News US gossip Style TV &amp; film news Weird celeb news Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Staying in Going out Sex &amp; Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring Reader offers SiteCatalyst code version: H.24.2.Copyright 1996-2012 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com    