  Car Questions and Free Answers Click Here To Register For Our Automotive Repair Help Forums Add Site to Favorites   Home Ask Your Car Repair Questions Sign-up For Our Repair Forums Auto Repair Questions by Manufacturer Service Repair Manuals Auto Term Abbreviations Car Repair Forum How To Prepare For Emission Testing Car Repair Troubleshooting Emission Gases Explained Recall Information By Vehicle Service Engine Soon Light Component Testing Repair Information Download A Conversion Program For Free Gas Saving Tips Information Bucket Trouble Code Chart  AutoWebRepair.Com Consumer Advice And Automotive Repair Help Your Place For Professional Auto Repair Help, Automotive Repair Forums, And How To Step-By-Step Repair Procedures Auto Repair Advice by Professional Mechanics Car Repair Questions And Information Answered Here Domestic and Import technical repair help and advice just a mouse click away. We provide bumper-to-bumper technical help and consumer advice online. Our staff is equipped with up to date wiring diagrams, technical service bulletins, complete manufacturers repair information, and more. Our technicians use more than 12 different repair programs, over 100,000 pages of library material and links to private web servers to help find the latest repair information. We can help you fix the hard to find problems, point you in the right direction or just answer simple questions such as component location; oil change reminder light reset procedures, etc. FREE Repair Forum. Have your question answered by a professional. Get your car question answered here . It is absolutely FREE to enter the discussion forum . All you have to do is sign-up , choose your vehicle manufacturer and post a new thread. We answer postings daily. Free car repair forums by manufacturer. To access our FREE car repair forums by automotive manufacturer. Trouble code chart. A complete list and definitions of OBD trouble codes. OBD vehicles are all vehicles produced after 1995. If your check engine light is on or has came on and goes out, there will be a trouble codes stored in the engine controller (ECM). How to prepare your car for an emission test. If you live in an area that requires you to have an emission test performed on your vehicle, there are some steps you can take to help ensure your car will pass on the first testing. Click here to learn more. Is your service engine soon light on? If your service engine soon light is on, the engine controller (ECM) has detected a fault. There will be a trouble code stored in memory. Click here to learn more about retrieving that code and what it means. Service repair manuals. Use the same car repair manuals as the pro's. Mitchell1 also known as eAutoRepair.net is the leading edge in repair manuals online. See the video here . Troubleshooting. Some professional automotive repair tips on troubleshooting the various systems on your car. Automotive terms and definitions. On this page you will find helpful definitions to terms and abbreviations used in the automotive repair industry. Emissions gases explained. Here we explain emission gases such as carbon monoxide (CO), oxides of nitrogen (NOx), hydrocarbon, and more. Recall information by vehicle. Here you can input you vehicle information and you can view any recalls that may have been issued for car. Component testing. Tips and procedures on testing various components and sensors on your car. Oxygen sensor, throttle position sensor, engine cooling fans, a/c systems, and more. Repair information. Here you can choose from a variety of step-by-step repair procedures. These step-by-step procedures include instructions and images. We are adding to this page weekly. Gas saving tips. With today's high gas price, every little bit helps. Read our gas saving tips and see if you can take steps to save yourself gas and money. Information bucket. This is the section were we place all of the misc. information on automotive repair and repair tips. Circuit symbols, resistor color chart, and more. Ads Free Repair Foru ms by Manufacturer Acura Alfa Romeo American Motors Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Daihatsu Dodge Eagle Fiat Ford Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Opel Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Renault Rolls Royce Saab Saturn Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Other  AutoWebRepair Home Privacy Policy User Agreement About Us Contact Us Link to Us Affiliate Program This site built and maintained by (CWD) Coastal Web Designing www.CoastalWebDesigning.com All Rights Reserved. Legal Notice 