 Other Resources Auto Broker Magic New Car Reviews Car Buying Articles Contact Us Money Saving Tips : Save On 'New' Cars Save On 'Used' Cars Low Rate Auto Loans Car Insurance Savings Trade-In Price Tips Trade It Or Keep It? Increase Gas Mileage What Is CarWoo? We don't just talk cars ... we teach how to buy them . "Used Honda Accord Coupe Overview And How To Buy At The Lowest Price!" The Accord Coupe was introduced in the 1970s as an affordable 2-door hatchback with a sporty look and driving feel. It has evolved over time to the point where today the Accords sold in the U.S. are both designed and built in North America ... and also cater to American tastes. The Accord Coupe EX, for example, is definitely out to please a driving enthusiast. Today, it's outfitted with a powerful 268 horsepower, 3.5 liter V-6 engine. It has a drive-by-wire electronic throttle control along with a 6-speed manual transmission. Add this to an electronic brake distribution system acting on 4-wheel disc brakes and a suspension that's tuned for road handling, and you've got a car with plenty of performance. And let's not forget the leather interior along with many of the features normally reserved for luxury cars. And it all comes with the "Honda" reputation for quality and reliability. Some of the more significant developments in the Accord Coupe in the not so distant past: More power was added in 1998 . Honda's VTEC system was now being used in the 2.3-liter inline four-cylinder engine found in LX and EX models, boosting output to 150 horsepower. And a new 3.0-liter V6 was introduced that delivered 200 horsepower, 30 more than the '97's V6. In 2000 , tune-up intervals for the four-cylinder were raised to 100,000 miles which made this low-maintenance vehicle that much more so. In addition, side airbags became a standard feature on V6 coupes, as well as EX four-cylinder models as long as they had the leather interior. In 2001 , Honda added more features. The EX got an in-dash 6-disc CD changer and all V6's were outfitted with traction control. A fairly major redesign took place in 2003 which pretty much carried over through the 2007 model year. Engine power was increased once again. And while buyers still had a choice between the inline four or V6 engines, output in the four-cylinder rose to 160 horsepower while the V6 now pumped out a robust 240 hp. They also tweaked the Accord's excellent double wishbone suspension design for improved handling and a more compliant drive. The interior was also revamped with large gauges, simple controls and an overall more modern and attractive look. A navigation system was also added as an optional feature on EX models. The V6 coupe was outfitted with 17 inch wheels, a six-speed manual transmission and a 180-watt audio system with an in-dash, 6-disc CD changer. Safety features were also expanded to now include antilock brakes (ABS) with both front and rear discs on all models, side airbags (optional on the four-cylinder LX, standard on the others) and side curtain airbags on the EX V6. The Accord Coupe entered its newest generation with a significant update for the 2008 model year. It took on a still sleeker and more aggressive appearance that looked more like an upscale sport coupe. Most importantly, power was increased to support the new daring look. A 2.4-liter inline four that produced 177 horsepower was now powering the LX. The EX got a more powerful version of this engine that produced a best-in-class 190 horsepower. In addition, a 3.5-liter V6 that produced 268 horsepower was made available for the EX (the same power output and torque as the Camry V6). Also added was Honda's cylinder-deactivation technology which maximizes fuel efficiency by running on six, four or three cylinders depending on the driving situation, resulting in an increased gas mileage performance of 3 mpg compared with the previous V6, despite the added horsepower. Transmission selections include either a five-speed manual or five-speed automatic for the four-cylinder models while the V6 has either a five-speed automatic or a six-speed manual. Larger than previous models, the coupe now comes in three models: LX-S, EX and EX-L. Standard features on the base LX -S include full power accessories, 16-inch alloy wheels, cruise control, fold-down rear seats, keyless entry, a driver-side auto up-down window, a tilt-and-telescoping steering wheel and a 6-speaker audio system with a 6-disc in-dash CD changer and an auxiliary audio jack. Opting for an EX adds a sunroof, 17-inch alloys and an upgraded audio system with a subwoofer, while the top-of-the-line EX-L adds a leather interior, a power driver seat, heated front seats, dual-zone automatic climate control, satellite radio, auto-on headlights and a leather-wrapped steering wheel. In addition, it should be noted that all trims come with a full array of safety equipment, including side curtain airbags and stability control. Used Accord Coupe shoppers should also note that this newest production run got a refresh for the 2011 model year . There were some engine and transmission revisions as well as some improved aerodynamics which boosted fuel economy. New optional features were also added including shift paddles, a rearview camera, an iPod/USB interface and driver memory settings. And for 2012 , a USB audio interface became standard on all models. Overall Positives : Sharp design, capable handling, good fuel economy (particularly in the four-cylinder model), good visability, strong dependability reputation, high resale values. Overall Negatives : Above average road noise, some lesser-quality interior materials, mediocre brakes, the V6 underperforms some rivals in pre-2008 models. All in all, we think the Accord Coupe makes a solid choice as a used car purchase for those seeking sportiness and reliability while not doing much damage at the pump. How To Get The Best Price On A Pre-Owned Honda Accord Coupe: There are actually several different ways to buy a used Accord Coupe at the lowest price, and even at wholesale. You can click on the links to each of the following methods to get the specific instructions. First of all, here's a Lowest Price Used Car Buying Guide that details a super effective method, one that often beats down prices even to wholesale levels. And somewhat related to this, here's another excellent method that identifies Price-Distressed Cars Right On Dealer Lots . These are vehicles they are so desperate to unload they would welcome your wholesale offer. In addition, you can also try the Public Car Auctions in your own geographic area. While there can be a lot of junk vehicles at these auctions, there are often absolute gems sprinkled in as well. This article reviews what to expect at open-to-the-public car auctions and how to locate them at no cost in your own area. Also ... for those of you who might be interested in a brand new Honda Accord Coupe , if the price was crazy good, here's info on exactly How To Get The Best Price On A New Accord Coupe . This works just phenomenally well. Earn Extra Income? With a tight economy and many people looking for ways to earn some extra bucks, you might want to check out how to flip a car or two (or many more) to earn some extra cash: Buying And Selling A Car For Profit Other Pages Of Possible Interest: Used Honda Accord Overview 2013 Honda Accord Positives, Negatives 2012 Honda Accord 2011 Honda Accord 2012 Honda Civic 2011 Honda Civic Honda Fit 2011 Additional Models Of Possible Interest: Used Honda Civic SI Used Honda Fit Best Pricing Used Honda Prelude Guide Used Honda S2000 Buying Help Honda Civic CRX Si Highlights Used Toyota Camry Overview Used Volkswagen Jetta Highlights Auto Broker Magic West Palm Beach, Florida Site Map | Disclosure © copyright 2013, Josh Rosenberg. All Rights Reserved. 