 Sign In |  Subscribe Username Password Remember Me Forgot username? Forgot password? Sign In |  Subscribe My Account | Customer Service | Site Features Donate |  A-Z Index   Car Types Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury cars Minivans Pickup trucks Sedans Small cars Sports cars SUVs Wagons See new cars      |     used cars      |     all cars Tires & Car Care Car batteries GPS Tires Topics Cars News Car prices & deals Car buying advice Car safety Top Products Air conditioners Air purifiers Blenders Clothes dryers Coffeemakers Cooktops & wall ovens Dehumidifiers Dishwashers Freezers Microwave ovens Kitchen ranges Refrigerators Sewing machines Space heaters Steam irons Toasters Vacuum cleaners Washing machines See all products Topics Appliance News Top Products Camcorders Cell phones & services Computers Cordless phones Digital cameras Digital picture frames Blu-ray players GPS Headphones Home theater systems MP3 Players Printers TVs See all products Topics Electronics News Top Products Cordless drills Flooring Gas grills Kitchen cookware Lawn mowers & tractors Leaf blowers Mattresses Snow blowers String trimmers Water filters See all products Topics Home News Safety News Top Products Baby monitors Backpacks Car seats Cribs High chairs Play yards Strollers Thermometers See all products Topics Babies & Kids News Safety News Products & Services Airline travel Appliance stores Brokerage services Car insurance Computer stores Credit cards Customer service Drug stores Electronics stores Extended warranties Eyeglass stores Home insurance Hotel rooms Outlet stores Prepaid cards Retail stores Rewards cards Shopping websites Sporting goods stores Store credit cards Supermarkets See all products Topics Health Insurance Money News Pet Products & Advice Restaurants Guide Student Debt Top Products Buy Blu-ray players Buy camcorders Buy car seats Buy clothes dryers Buy coffeemakers Buy computers Buy cordless phones Buy digital cameras Buy dishwashers Buy GPS Buy gas grills Buy lawn mowers Buy microwave ovens Buy printers Buy kitchen ranges Buy refrigerators Buy TVs Buy vacuum cleaners Buy washing machines See all products Top Products Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Diet Plans Electric Toothbrushes Ellipticals Exercise Bikes Eye Creams Hair Dryers Hair Dyes Hearing Aids Sunscreens Tooth Whiteners Treadmills Walking Shoes Wrinkle Creams Wrinkle Serums Topics Best Buy Drugs Health Insurance Plan Rankings Heart Surgeon Ratings Hospital Ratings ADHD Allergies Back Pain Depression Diabetes Heart Health Insomnia Lasik Eye Surgery Sexual Health New Cars Used Cars Car Prices &amp; Deals Car Buying Advice Tires &amp; Car Care Car Safety Car Repairs Home &gt; Cars &gt;Used cars Subscribers only Sign in or Subscribe now! Sign In Username Password Remember Me Forgot username? Forgot password? Used Cars Find Car Ratings Compare New Used Make All A-Z Model All A-Z  SUVs Sedans Small cars Minivans Hybrids/EVs Pickup trucks Convertibles Wagons Sports cars Luxury cars  Research Used Cars Best & worst used cars Great choices for all budgets and models to avoid. Used car owner satisfaction Which used cars would owners buy again? Cars for teens Safe, reliable cars for a young driver Used car reliability details Common problems in 10 popular models Reliability histories How cars are holding up over the past 10 years  Best & Worst Deals  This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soon as the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only after the rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. [if IE]> <script type="text/javascript">brightcove.createExperiences();</script> <![endif] Best & worst used cars Our list guides you to the best and most reliable used cars from the last 10 years. See our lists Most reliable used cars Most fuel-efficient used cars Best used cars under $20,000 Used cars for every budget Best used-car deals  Find the best deal on 2008-2012 vehicles in various categories. See the deals Recalls &amp; Safety Powered By RepairPal Hyundai Sonata & Others: Rust concern with rear suspension Hyundai Santa Fe: Loss of engine power to the wheels Toyota Tacoma: Seat belt problem BMW X5 xDrive: Potential dead battery or electrical fire Jaguar XK: Concern with convertible roof switch All Recalls | All Safety Car Topics Fuel economy Alternative fuels Car reliability Car safety Kids & car safety Summer road trips Distracted driving & teen safety E-mail Newsletters FREE e-mail newsletter from Consumer Reports Cars. Preview Already signed-up? Manage your newsletters here too.  Connect Forums  Discuss cars  and safety with subscribers and fans.  Car User Reviews Browse thousands of reviews from car-owners like you! And share your insights with others. Follow Consumer Reports  Car Buying Guides Not sure where to start? Consumer Reports can help lead you through the used-car buying experience. This guide provides the essential information you need to choose a used car with a good reliability history, sell your old car, and get the best price. Used-car buying guide  [if lte IE 8]> <script type="text/javascript" src="/etc/designs/cro/application-resources/scripts/d3.ie8.compat.js"></script> <![endif] Cars News Price Cars What the dealers don't want you to know The key to getting the lowest price on a new car is to know how much negotiating room you have. Consumer Reports Car Price Services empower you with the information you need to negotiate the best deal on your next car. We show you: The dealer's true cost...the Bottom Line Price How much others have paid Vehicle price negotiability Used car buying, selling and trade-in prices Re-access price reports Price Cars What you don't know could cost you thousands The key to getting the lowest price on a new car is to know how much negotiating room you have. Consumer Reports Car Price Services empower you with the information you need to negotiate the best deal on your next car. We show you: The dealer's true cost...the Bottom Line Price How much others have paid Vehicle price negotiability Used car buying, selling and trade-in prices Re-access price reports Price Cars What you don't know could cost you thousands The key to getting the lowest price on a car is to know how much negotiating room you have. ConsumerReports.org Cars Best Deals Plus empowers you with the information you need to negotiate the best deal on your next car. You get: Unlimited access to New Car Price Reports Unlimited access to Used Car Price Reports Detailed Reliability Ratings Full Track Reports from our test experts Price Cars What you don't know could cost you thousands The key to getting the lowest price on a new car is to know how much negotiating room you have. Consumer Reports Car Price Services empower you with the information you need to negotiate the best deal on your next car. We show you: The dealer's true cost...the Bottom Line Price How much others have paid Vehicle price negotiability Used car buying, selling and trade-in prices Re-access price reports Price Cars No-haggle dealer price quotes Once you've used our information to decide which new car is best for your needs, you can use the Consumer Reports Build & Buy service, a free benefit that comes with your subscription, to shop among local dealers who are held accountable for high customer satisfaction. With Build & Buy you get: Free, guaranteed, up-front price quotes A network of pre-screened dealers Auto-inclusion of all eligible incentives No obligation to purchase a car Price Cars No-haggle dealer price quotes Once you've used our information to decide which new car is best for your needs, you can use the Consumer Reports Build & Buy service , a free benefit that comes with your subscription, to shop among local dealers who are held accountable for high customer satisfaction. With Build & Buy you get: Free, guaranteed, up-front price quotes A network of pre-screened dealers Auto-inclusion of all eligible incentives No obligation to purchase a car  Re-access price reports  Maintain &amp; Repair Cars Guide to car maintenance Help keep your vehicle running smoothly. See our advice, tips, and checks  Know the fair price for your car repair Select year Select make Select model  Cars parts & accessories Ratings Tires 173 rated  Car wax 19 rated Car batteries 41 rated  GPS 140 rated More from Consumer Reports Consumer Reports magazine Read the latest issue of Consumer Reports magazine Read current issue Mobile Get Ratings on the go and compare while you shop Learn more  About Us How we test Our mission Our history Press Room No commercial use policy Career Opportunities ConsumerReports.org Contact Us My Account A-Z Index Car Index Product Index Your Privacy Rights Ad Choices User Agreement Mobile Products View Mobile Web Site Consumer Reports Network ConsumerReports.org The Consumerist Cars Best Deals Plus Car Pricing Service National Car Prices ConsumersUnion.org Canada Extra en Español School Safety Alert Consumer Reports Bookstore ShopSmartMag.org  Copyright © 2006-2013 Consumer Reports . No reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission . SiteCatalyst code version: H.21.1 Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights Reserved More info available at http://www.omniture.com Start of DoubleClick Floodlight Tag: Please do not removeActivity name of this tag: CRO - Cars - March 2013URL of the webpage where the tag is expected to be placed: http://www.consumersunion.org/This tag must be placed between the <body> and </body> tags, as close as possible to the opening tag.Creation Date: 03/21/2013 