  Custom Search  Home | Car Parts | Dealers in Cities | Car Brands | Auto Dealers | Truck Dealers Car Parts Dealers in America Car parts and spare parts are some of the most crucial components that every buyer closely considers while evaluating a car. These components are usually more in number and looked upon as momentous elements for ensuring proper functionality of any automobile. Therefore, any lack in the availability of the automobile parts can formulate tedious circumstances for the consumers. The consumers may encounter serious breakdowns or 'equipment failure' situations anytime while riding their motor vehicles. Considering these cases, the US Federal Law has obliged the manufacturers to supply the automotive constituents at least for a period of 10 years for each automobile they sell to the consumers. Advertisement Car Components There are several kinds of car spare components and other automotive elements which majorly comprise of regional and global brands. These elements can be generic or peculiar to a motorcar. Peculiar components are only meant to work for specific cars, however, when it comes to the generic ones, they can be used for any motor vehicle. Almost all components and spare elements, scoping from head lamps and rear lamps to the jack, which is used to lift the car, come out very handy to repair a car. Aftermarket Parts Any car component that is not sourced from the original maker or manufacturer is identified as an 'aftermarket part'. These mechanical elements are mistaken to be of less quality than the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) parts. In fact, they can surprisingly be of equivalent or higher quality than the OEM ones. However, they hold some drawbacks such as no warranty, unacquainted brands, etc. Performance Parts Designed to add more power to the car, the 'performance parts' are remarkably the components that substitute the standard car elements to meliorate fuel economy, handling, and performance of the motor vehicle. Cold air intakes, pistons, camshafts, cat-back exhausts, fuel management systems, etc., are some of the decisive performance enhancements of a car. Rebuilt Parts The concept of 'rebuild parts' refers to the substitution of only run-down or attrited components with the help of the car's old components or those from an another car (if they are too worn to be used). However, a prominent flaw which lies in this technique is that the quality of the components may be unevenly balanced, as some of them may be new while some may be old. Products & Services Supplied A maximum number of American car merchandisers deal in spare components, as the demand is quite high for most of the time. They also deliver the car components used for generic purposes. Some of the traders supply these scarcely available critical elements at reasonable rates. Wholesale buyers and those consumers who purchase the parts in large quantities generally enjoy various discounts and offers provided by the sellers. The merchandisers may even provide extra services or perks such as refunds, price reductions on referrals, free car wash service, complimentary battery installation, repairing services, special waivers, etc. Today, spare elements of sedans, trucks, family cars, hatchbacks, coupes, and every other automotive vehicle can be purchased from the merchandisers. This all-inclusive database furnishes a list of ample number of various car parts merchants in America. With this list, you can easily identify the preferred merchants functioning in your state or even in your city and get the desired spare components for your car. Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas US Virgin Islands Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming At DrNew Here, you can find the best suppliers who will assist you to fix or collect the barely available and important spare components for your car. Be assured to accomplish your hunt for a premier spare parts seller with the up-to-the-minute information provided here on marketers who deal in both used and new car spare components. &copy; 2005-2013, DrNew All Rights Reserved. 