 Constraint kept separate from header so header can befixed above the page and still position correctly Skip to Content TIME U.S. Sections &rarr; Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Style Opinion Photos Magazine Video LIFE.com Lists Sports Search Search TIME Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr RSS Apps  Florida's Deadly Hit-and-Run Car Culture By Tim Padgett / Miami Sunday, Nov. 29, 2009 Share Tweet SendtoKindle Joe Raedle / Getty Vehicles drive through the streets of Miami, Fla. Related Behind Florida's Exodus: Rising Taxes, Political Ineptitude Email Print Share Facebook Twitter Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Reddit Digg Mixx Del.i.cious Google+ Reprints Follow @TIME Ashley Nicole Valdes was a smart, pretty 11-year-old girl who often caredfor her younger, mentally disabled sister while their single mother studiedto be a paramedic. In January, while crossing the street to get to her homewest of Miami, Ashley was struck and killed by a hit-and-run driver in apickup truck &#151; and became a heart-wrenching symbol of South Florida'snotoriously reckless car culture. "You see all these people getting run overand you ask yourself: What's happened to us as people here?" says Ashley'smother, Adonay Risete. "We need to get tougher and change attitudes." (Read more TIME city guides, travel stories and advice.) This month, highway-hugging Floridians are seeing perhaps themost convincing evidence yet that they need an attitude adjustment. A studyby the nonprofit Transportation for America in Washington, D.C., lists themost dangerous metropolitan areas for pedestrians, and the worst four just happen to be inthe Sunshine State: Orlando, Tampa, Miami and Jacksonville. It may seem like anastonishing find, but it's not actually all that surprising: 490 pedestrians were killed bycars in Florida last year, the most in any state, and South Floridaconsistently ranks as one of the worst pockets for hit-and-run fatalities. For an entire nation that has given the automobile far too much right of way, the TFA report, titled "Dangerous by Design," makes it clearthat Florida is a cautionary tale. It's especially relevant during thecurrent recession, when the U.S. is also looking to alternativetransportation projects like passenger rail to help jump-start the economy."We're not saying paralyze traffic or penalize drivers," says TFA spokesmanDavid Goldberg. "But we have to restore some balance in this country and fixthis deadly situation, especially for the health and safety of our kids andsenior citizens." It's not just deadly in Florida. Each month, about 400 pedestrians arefatally cut down by cars across the U.S. &#151; "the equivalent of a jumbo jetcrash," Goldberg notes &#151; and 76,000 have been killed that way since 1994,one of the highest pedestrian-death rates in the world. The root cause issimple: the thoughtless sprawl of modern urban and suburban development has createdtoo much high-speed space for cars and trucks, and too little of it forwalkers, cyclists and the kind of public transit thatreduces dependence on cars. "Dangerous by Design" finds, for example, thatless than 1.5% of federal transportation safety spending goes to pedestrianprojects like increased sidewalk construction or cycling paths, even though pedestrians andcyclists account for 13% of all U.S. traffic deaths. See pictures of American muscle cars in movies. Previous 1 2 Next  The Magazine Subscribe Martin Luther King Jr: Architect of the 21st Century The Kickstarter Culture Wars Lessons on Race and History in The Butler Jobs, the Movie, Struggles With Jobs, the Man Table of Contents Subscribe Now Online Issue Archive Most Read 4 Reasons You're Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance Get Ready For a COLD Winter Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday The VMAs: The Best and Worst What DNA Testing Reveals About India's Caste System Olbermann's New Sports Talkshow Pulls No Punches (Well, Maybe Just a Couple) Russia and Iran Warn Against Intervention in Syria Welcome to the Golden Age of Mobile Miley Cyrus Really &lt;em&gt;Is&lt;/em&gt; the Girl Next Door: Predictable and Boring Most Emailed Get Ready For a COLD Winter Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday The Plight of the Honeybee Mission All-But-Impossible: Destroying Syria&rsquo;s Chemical Weapons from the Air Olbermann's New Sports Talkshow Pulls No Punches (Well, Maybe Just a Couple) Chopping Wood a Manlier Feel than Sports Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills Why BMI Isn't The Best Measure for Weight (or Health) What DNA Testing Reveals About India's Caste System Lasting Effects of Being Born Too Early More News from Our Partners Slate Facebook Report: Governments Sought Data on Some 38,000 Users This Year Slatest PM: New George W. Bush Cat Paintings! (and Some News From Syria) Now Fox News Is Mocking Chelsea Manning With Music Huffington Post Billy Ray Cyrus Tweets Support For Miley Cyrus After VMAs Performance Rihanna, One Direction Are Not Impressed With Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance Miley Cyrus VMA Performance Of 'We Can't Stop' Hits MTV; Network Censors 'Molly' Lyric (VIDEO) Sponsored A Pragmatist's Guide for Living It's easy to make a financial decision based on what you need right now, but making an informed choice will benefit you in the long run. Meet a former Red Sox pitcher who picked security over an uncertain future TIME Newsletters See all Newsletters Free! Sign Up Now Breaking News Politics Entertainment LightBox and more... Your Email Go Voices Joel Stein Do Google Glasses Make Me Look Boring? James Poniewozik On Anna Gunn, the Skyler-Hating Sexists, and the Billion-Megaphone Era Richard Corliss The 99% Solution Rana Foroohar The End of TV as We Know It Joe Klein Trayvon's Death Is an Outrage, But ... Fareed Zakaria Little al-Qaedas Loom Large  iPad iPhone Android TIME TV Populist The Page TIME Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Photos Videos Lists Magazine &copy; 2013 Time Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Newsletter Mobile TIME For Kids Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Use Media Kit Reprints & Permissions Help Site Map Ad Choices Custom Content our partners  