  The Division of Student Life fosters student success by creating and promoting inclusive educationally purposeful services and activities within and beyond the classroom. Directory Navigation Division of Student Life Center for Student Involvement &amp; Leadership Counseling Service Dean of Students Housing & Dining Iowa Memorial Union Pick One Recreational Services Student Disability Services Student Health &amp; Wellness Women&rsquo;s Resource &amp; Action Center Vice President for Student Life  Search Search Center For Student Involvement & Leadership Get Involved! Home Services Arts &amp; Entertainment Annual Events Multicultural Fraternity &amp; Sorority Leadership Student Orgs OrgSync Arts &amp; Entertainment Student organizations organize, promote, and host events all year at the University of Iowa. Organizations also engage in activities that provide the university community with quality entertainment. Throughout the year, student organizations plan hundreds of events and spend countless hours broadcasting over the airwaves. Several large student organizations provide an array of activities related to Arts &amp; Entertainment programming each semester. These student organizations offer a great opportunity for student leaders to build leadership and teamwork skills, provide quality entertainment to their peers, and obtain real-world experience that will help them in their future career endeavors. View Staff More information about Bijou Theater Bijou Theater A student managed movie theatre with a 35-year tradition of programming films seven nights per week for students and the UI Community.  Located on the first floor of the IMU. Information about Bijou Theater More at bijou.uiowa.edu More information about Bijou Theater More information about CAB CAB CAB is your source for entertainment on campus! Join us for events from comedy to late night events to new movies every weekend. Information about CAB More at cab.uiowa.edu More information about CAB More information about KRUI KRUI Host your own radio/web streaming show by joining the D.J. staff of KRUI FM. For over 35 years KRUI has been The University of Iowa’s “SOUND ALTERNATIVE." Information about KRUI More at krui.fm More information about KRUI More information about SCOPE SCOPE Bringing quality concerts and entertainment to the University of Iowa campus and the Iowa City community. Information about SCOPE More at scope.uiowa.edu More information about SCOPE More information about SVP SVP Receive hands-on experience in all aspects of television, video, and film production. SVP has the latest in high definition technology featuring a newly equipped television studio. Information about SVP More at svp.uiowa.edu More information about SVP More information about University Lecture Committee University Lecture Committee Join a select group of students, faculty, and staff who bring world and nationally known speakers to the UI community. Students are responsible for all aspects of the program. Information about University Lecture Committee More at lectures.uiowa.edu More information about University Lecture Committee More information about Fine Arts Council Fine Arts Council If event management and the visual arts are you passion then you should check out Fine Arts Council. Information about Fine Arts Council More at fineartscouncil.uiowa.edu More information about Fine Arts Council Arts &amp; Entertainment Staff Members Kelly Soukup Arts and Entertainment Programs Nellie Hermanson Student Activities and Programming Molly Golemo Student Activities Cindy Thrapp Manager for The Hub View all CSIL staff members &raquo; Return to the top of the page &raquo; Latest Tweets Tweets by @UIstdntInvolve Upcoming Events Fair Day Aug 28 The Student Organization Fair, Volunteer Fair, and Student Job Fair... The Hangover Part III Aug 29 - Aug 31 Showtimes: 8/29, Thur 8 PM/11 PM 8/30, Fri 8 PM/11... Iowa vs. Iowa State Football Game Watch Party Sep 14 Free Admission. Location to be determined. See more events on After Class The Division of Student Life fosters student success by creating and promoting inclusive educationally purposeful services and activities within and beyond the classroom. 145 Iowa Memorial UnionIowa City, IA 52242 getinvolved@uiowa.edu 319-335-3059 Staff Directory Home Services Arts &amp; Entertainment Annual Events Multicultural Fraternity &amp; Sorority Leadership Student Orgs OrgSync CSIL Staff Directory Applying for Funding Starting an Organization Facebook Twitter Get Involved! Join one of over 500 student organizations to stay connected to campus, develop leadership skills, & have fun! Find and Manage Orgs in OrgSync OrgSync Direct Sign In &copy; 2013 The University of Iowa . All Rights Reserved. 