 My Account Appointment History Order History Help / Customer Care Find a Store For the Professional | Sign up for Email Exclusives | Rewards | Gift Cards | $$$ Savings Service Center Shop Online Search Make an Appointment Tire Services Alignment Services Tire Rotation Services Flat Tire Repair Tire Balancing Service TPMS Services Preventive Maintenance Oil Changes Car Battery Services Starting &amp; Charging System Services Headlight Restoration Air Conditioning Services Filter Replacement Fluid Exchange Services Fuel System Services Scheduled Maintenance Services Repair Services Heating &amp; Cooling Services Belts and Hoses Brake Services Diagnosis and Evaluation Services Steering &amp; Suspension Services Special Services Car Audio Installation Aftermarket Electronics Performance Exhaust Performance Suspension &amp; Ride Control Performance Engine Tuning Fleet Services View Cart false 0 Items My Vehicles: add a vehicle My Stores: add a store My Appointments: make an appointment Log In | Create Account What's Pep Boys Glovebox? It's the electronic equivalent of that pile of oil stained receiptsand disorganized mechanics' quotes in your real glovebox. It allowsyou to: Keep track of all your car's information in one place Access your vehicle's service history records in a click Easily find the parts you need for your car's specific makeand model Get online access to your manufacturer's suggestedmaintenance schedule Stay on top of recall notices for your vehicle Receive exclusive offers sent straight to your inbox Knowing exactly where to find all your vehicle'sinformation makes it easy to keep your car in tip-top shape. Close [x]  Home &gt; E-Serve Center [if IE 8]><style>.pbsServiceSectText {margin-top: -4px !important;}#pbsBottomSolutionsContain{height: 540px !important;}p.pbsServiceDisc{top:0px !important;}p.pbsLearnMore{bottom:-8px !important;}#footer{margin-top: 240px !important;}#pbsMainSerPackContain h2{top:0px !important;}</style><![endif] [if IE 7]><style>#pbsBottomSolutionsContain{height: 540px !important;}</style><![endif] Pep Boys Services The Pep Boys Difference Trusted auto service solutions since 1921 State-of-the-art technology 7,000 service bays nationwide Motorist Assurance Program ASE-Certified Technicians Nationwide Already Have an Apointment? Track Your Status Our Most Popular Services Oil Changes Oil is the lifeblood of every vehicle’s engine. Choose from five oil change options designed to fit the needs of your vehicle or make an appointment to customize your oil change. Learn More Make an Appointment Batteries Your battery is one of the most important parts of your vehicle. After all, if it fails so does everything else. Stay in charge with proper battery maintenance and replacement. Learn More Make an Appointment Engine Performance Keep a well-tuned engine for maximum performance. Ensure a long engine life by entrusting the care of your vehicle to Pep Boys' certified technicians. Learn More Make an Appointment Alignments Alignment and wheel balancing can improve driver safety, stop that feeling of pulling, increase fuel efficiency and maximize the life of your tires &ndash; and that is just the beginning. Learn More Make an Appointment Brakes If your brakes grind with a continuous loud metallic sound, grab causing jerky stops or your Brake or ABS warning light flashes it may be time to consider brake service. Learn More Make an Appointment State Inspections Pep Boys provides state safety and emission/smog testing in many locations. Annual inspections and emissions checks ensure your vehicle is performing optimally. Learn More Make an Appointment Shocks & Struts Replacing your worn shocks and struts results in improved ride control, greater stability and a shorter braking distance. Pep Boys offers shock and strut replacement services designed to revitalize your vehicle’s suspension system. Learn More Make an Appointment Tire Services Properly maintaining your tires can improve driver safety, reduce tread wear and increase fuel efficiency. Pep Boys offers a number of tire services that will help you maximize the life of your tire. Learn More Make an Appointment Maintenance Service Packages View pricing for additional Pep Boys service packages Vehicle maintenance is more than just oil changes and wheel alignments. Pep Boys offers an extensive catalog of services for your vehicle. For these maintenance services and packages, simply make an appointment and discuss the details of what you need with your Pep Boys representative. Fuel System Fuel System Injector Rail Cleaning from $89.99 1-Step Fuel Service from $9.90 2-Step Fuel Service from $59.99 3-Step Fuel Service from $89.99 4-Step Fuel Service from $129.99 Ventilation / Air Conditioning Air Ventilation Service  from $59.99 Tires Tire Maintenance (up to 15-inch wheel) from $39.99 Tire Maintenance (16- to 19-inch wheels) from $49.99 Tire Maintenance (20-inch or greater wheel) from $59.99 Inspection 40-Step Preventative Maintenance & Safety Inspection from $19.99 Fluid Exchange / Leak Check Power Steering Fluid Exchange from $54.99 Complete Coolant / Antifreeze Exchange from $89.99 Peak Brand Lifetime Coolant Exchange from $149.99 Brake Fluid Exchange from $69.99 Fluid Leak Check from $34.99 Coolant System Engine Cooling System Check  from $34.99 Drain & Fill Radiator from $59.99 Battery Battery Protection from $9.99 Headlights Headlight Restoration from $49.99 Trust Pep Boys for Your Automotive Solutions Looking for a Tow? Preventive Maintenance Let Pep Boys certified technicians help you maintain the safety, reliability and longevity of your vehicle. Regular preventative maintenance can help you save time and money in the long run, and ensure the life of your vehicle for years to come. Oil Changes Car Battery Services Starting & Charging System Services Headlight Restoration Services Air Conditioning Services Filter Replacement Fluid Exchange Services Fuel System Services Scheduled Maintenance Services Repair Services Hearing a strange sound under the hood? We’re here to help! Repairs to your vehicle should never be overlooked. Big or small, our certified technicians can handle any sized repair to get you back on the road. Heating & Cooling Services Belts and Hoses Brakes Services Diagnostic and Evaluation Services Steering & Suspension Services Performance & Aftermarket We've got the experience and the knowledge to help you get the most from your performance vehicle or provide flawless integration of aftermarket parts and accessories with existing systems. Car Audio Installation Aftermarket Electronics Performance Exhaust Preformance Suspension & Ride Control Preformance Engine Tuning Fleet Services The one-stop shop for your non-stop fleet. Preventive maintenance is the key to keeping your fleet on the road. So don’t just trust your vehicles to anyone, bring them to the fleet experts at Pep Boys to save you time and money. Oil Changes Car Battery Services Fluid Exchange Services Fuel System Services Scheduled Maintenance Services Car Service You Can Count On At Pep Boys, servicing a vehicle is more than fixing parts and sending our customers on down the road. We offer the solutions you need to journey to your next Point B with confidence and safety. Our experienced, professional technicians understand every car repair, and every customer are different from the last and we strive to redefine what servicing your vehicle means to you. With ASE-certified technicians on staff nationwide, as well as state-of-the-art equipment, our auto service locations are well-equipped to handle any repair , maintenance effort or upgrade – making Pep Boys a one-stop shop for the car services you need. Although our most popular car repairs are oil changes , brake services , tire services and battery installations , our auto service experts are fully trained to perform shocks, struts, steering and suspension repairs and replacements, state inspections , aftermarket upgrades and everything in between. Additionally, we stand behind every car repair we make by participating in the Motorist Assurance Program (MAP), which guides our strict business practices – and everything our car servicing experts do. To schedule your next car service, just visit our appointment page, where you can choose your location , book your appointment time and tell us about your vehicle. On the day of your service, our technicians will have everything ready – so we can provide you with accurate, relevant information, perform quality and quick service, and have you back on the road in no time. Life is full of Point Bs. Trust the Boys to get you there.  Sign up for email offers! 41786883 Service Center Schedule a Service Appointment Tire Services Repair Services Preventive Maintenance Scheduled Maintenance Oil Changes Symptoms & Diagnostics Check Engine Light Pep Boys Towing Special Services Fleet Services Free Car Check Ups Shop Online Tires Parts Car Care & Maintenance Accessories Performance Tools & Recreation Electronics Savings Local Store Ad Coupons Rebates Business Services Pep Boys Rewards Pep Boys Gift Cards Pep Boys Credit Card Pepguard Warranty FREE Emission Warranty Help Customer Care Order History Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Contact Us Policies Contact Customer Service 1-800-PEP-BOYS (737-2697) contactus@pepboys.com For the Professional Commercial Line Card & More Program Information Pep Express Parts Learn More Battery Information Brake Information Oil Information Car Care Corner Tire Information When to Replace Shocks & Struts Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) My Account My Dashboard My Service Appointments My Rewards My Vehicles My Stores My Orders Corporate About Pep Boys Find a Pep Boys Speed Shops View All Pep Boys Locations Careers Press Releases Investor Relations Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Low-Price Guarantee Arbitration Process &#169; Copyright 2010-  