  Sign Up Log In [if IE 7]> <style type="text/css"> .floatingDex { bottom: 39px; } </style> <![endif] QS('what') = <br />CK('what') = Arts and Entertainment<br />QS('where') = <br />CK('where') = <br /> Arts and Entertainment Popular Categories Arts Entertainment Media Events Artists Musicians Music Lessons Acting Instruction Bars Art Supplies Art and Entertainment Services Photography Equipment and Supplies Attractions Family Fun Centers Musical Instruments Art Instruction Adult Entertainment Photo Finishing Fine Art Entertainers Dance Photographers Piano and Organ Services Nightlife Movie Theaters DJs Production Services Event Facilities Entertainment Equipment and Supplies Event Planning Arts and Entertainment Alabama Arts and Entertainment Alaska Arts and Entertainment Arizona Arts and Entertainment Arkansas Arts and Entertainment California Arts and Entertainment Colorado Arts and Entertainment Connecticut Arts and Entertainment Delaware Arts and Entertainment Florida Arts and Entertainment Georgia Arts and Entertainment Hawaii Arts and Entertainment Idaho Arts and Entertainment Illinois Arts and Entertainment Indiana Arts and Entertainment Iowa Arts and Entertainment Kansas Arts and Entertainment Kentucky Arts and Entertainment Louisiana Arts and Entertainment Maine Arts and Entertainment Maryland Arts and Entertainment Massachusetts Arts and Entertainment Michigan Arts and Entertainment Minnesota Arts and Entertainment Mississippi Arts and Entertainment Missouri Arts and Entertainment Montana Arts and Entertainment Nebraska Arts and Entertainment Nevada Arts and Entertainment New Hampshire Arts and Entertainment New Jersey Arts and Entertainment New Mexico Arts and Entertainment New York Arts and Entertainment North Carolina Arts and Entertainment North Dakota Arts and Entertainment Ohio Arts and Entertainment Oklahoma Arts and Entertainment Oregon Arts and Entertainment Pennsylvania Arts and Entertainment Rhode Island Arts and Entertainment South Carolina Arts and Entertainment South Dakota Arts and Entertainment Tennessee Arts and Entertainment Texas Arts and Entertainment Utah Arts and Entertainment Vermont Arts and Entertainment Virginia Arts and Entertainment Washington Arts and Entertainment West Virginia Arts and Entertainment Wisconsin Arts and Entertainment Wyoming Arts and Entertainment Metro Areas Miami-Fort Lauderdale, FL Metro Phoenix, AZ Metro Chicago and Near Vicinity, IL Metro Houston, TX Metro Philadelphia, PA Metro Denver, CO Metro Minneapolis, MN Metro Atlanta, GA Metro Kansas City, MO Metro Columbus, OH Metro Portland, OR Metro Indianapolis, IN Metro Las Vegas, NV Metro Salt Lake City, UT Metro Seattle, WA Metro Raleigh-Durham, NC Metro Albuquerque, NM Metro Omaha, NE Metro Des Moines, IA Metro Charleston, SC Metro Knoxville, TN Metro Boise, ID Metro Northeast Kansas Regional Metro Sioux Falls, SD Metro Fargo-Moorhead, ND Metro Billings, MT Metro Casper, WY Metro Bristol, Tri-Cities, VA Metro Sussex Countywide, NJ Metro Los Angeles, CA Metro New York City, NY Metro Detroit, MI Metro Boston, MA Metro Washington, DC Metro Baltimore, MD Metro Milwaukee, WI Metro New Orleans, LA Metro Oklahoma City, OK Metro Birmingham, AL Metro Providence, RI Metro Louisville, KY Metro Fairfield County, CT Metro Little Rock, AR Metro Jackson, MS Metro Manchester, NH Metro Anchorage, AK Metro Portland, ME Metro Wilmington, DE Metro [if IE 7]> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://cdn2.dxstatic.com/desktop/scripts/custom/footer-patch.js?ver=2013-08-27"></script><![endif] About About Us Advertise Pay Bill Contact Us Free Tools Dex Commercials Recycle Select Your Dex National Telco Advertiser Login Top Cities Albuquerque Boise Chicago Colorado Springs Denver Des Moines Fayetteville Las Vegas Minneapolis Omaha Orlando Phoenix Portland Salt Lake City Seattle St. Paul Tacoma Tucson Top Categories Attorneys Auto Parts Auto Repair Chiropractors Cleaning Services Counseling Dentists General Contractors Hotels and Lodging HVAC Contractors Insurance Agents and Brokers Landscape Contractors Plumbers Primary Care Restaurants Roofers Storage Veterinarians Get Local With DexKnows DexKnows for iPhone DexKnows for Android DexKnows Tips DexKnows Home Improvement DexKnows Weddings DexKnows on Facebook DexKnows on Twitter Local Searches Yellow Pages White Pages Local Business Directory &copy; Dex 2013 All Rights Reserved. Data provided by Infogroup. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use  X Log in Don't have an account? Sign Up We’ll never post without your permission. If you previously linked your DexKnows.com account to a Google, Yahoo!, Twitter, Aol, or Windows Live login and don't have a DexKnows.com password, you'll need to  create a new password to access your account. Click here to receive an email with your temporary password and then login using your email address and temporary password. Or Log in to your DexKnows account: Remember Me Forgot Password?  X In order to save your "Favorite" businesses, please sign up or log in. Thank you, your review will be posted shortly Sign up or log in to edit, delete and share your reviews. Sign Up Already have an account? Log In We’ll never post without your permission. Or Create a DexKnows account: 30 characters or less At least 6 characters Optional Enter the words below: Enter the numbers you hear: By clicking Sign Up, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . You'll receive the DexKnows Tips email newsletter as well as email updates about your account. 30 characters or less Optional At least 6 characters By clicking Sign Up, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . You'll receive the DexKnows Tips email newsletter as well as email updates about your account.  X Activation Link Please check your email for an activation link from Dex Customer Service. If you do not receive the email within an hour, check your spam folder. X Forgot Password Please enter your email address so that we can send you an email with a link to change your password..  X Change Password Please enter your email address so that we can send you an email with a link to change your password.  X Password Please enter your new password Email Address: At least 6 characters  X Link Accounts Welcome ! Do you currently have an account with Dexknows? Should we link this account to the one you just created? Yes link my accounts: Forgot Password?  Or Please provide this additional information to register Will be displayed next to your reviews. Optional Yes, I want to find out about great deals, local recommendations and more! I agree to terms of use and privacy policy X Please share the issue you encountered with our search I am a(n): Advertiser Business Owner (non advertiser) Consumer Employee Issue(s): Please check at least one issue checkbox. Wrong phone number Wrong address Invalid URL Duplicate listing Business doesn't exist Not what I meant by my search Expected more popular results Wrong category Too far away Incorrect business details Comments:  