 August 23, 2013 Coupe Auto Insurance  Are you currently insured? Yes No Enter Your ZIP Code: Coupe Auto Insurance More Coupe Auto Insurance Articles Facts About Coupe Insurance Sedan Car Insurance Vs. Coupe Car Insurance What exactly is a coupe? It is a vehicle that generally has 2 doors, is not a convertible, and has front and rear seats. Sounds like a regular car, doesn&rsquo;t it? Believe it or not, there is a difference between a coupe and a sedan, and we can provide free insurance quotes for either type of car! Find auto insurance that you can afford, request a quote today! Insuring a coupe vs. sedan Car manufacturers confuse the definition of a coupe by offering a 4-door coupe and a 2-door sedan. In technical terms, there is a difference between a coupe and a sedan. A coupe has less than 33 cubic feet of rear interior space. This means there is only room for 2 people in the back seat, and two small people at that. Coupes are usually sleek and sporty looking, although they aren&rsquo;t always classified as a sports car. A sedan, on the other hand, has at 33 or more cubic feet of space in the back, where 2-3 people can comfortably sit. This is important if you often have passengers or small children that need to be in car safety seats. They are generally considered to be family cars, with many safety features. Luckily you don&rsquo;t have to guess whether or not you have or are buying a coupe or a sedan. The manufacturer will tell you. Surprisingly enough, there may not be a lot of difference in the premium cost between a coupe and a sedan. By taking a few minutes to fill out our form, we can tell you how much your insurance premiums will be so you can make an informed decision when choosing between a coupe and a sedan. Get started today and request a quote here! Coupe-Auto-Insurance.com is not an insurance carrier or broker. We cannot guarantee a quote from a specific carrier, and we cannot guarantee that all products are available in all states. The information and suggestions on our site are intended for informational purposes only, and we expressly disclaim any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of such information. About Us | FAQ | Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Home &copy; Copyright 2013 Coupe-Auto-Insurance.com All rights reserved 