 [if lt IE 7]><link href="http://i2.walmartimages.com/css/global_ie6.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"><![endif] [if IE 7]><link href="http://i2.walmartimages.com/css/global_ie7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"><![endif] [if IE 8]><link href="http://i2.walmartimages.com/css/global_ie8.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"><![endif] [if lt IE 7]><iframe id="dropmenuiframe" src="http://www.walmart.com/blank.html" style="z-index:20;display:none;position:absolute"></iframe><![endif] [if lt IE 7]><iframe frameborder="0" id="ie6Shim" src="http://i2.walmartimages.com/blank.html" style="filter:progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Chroma(color=#FFffffff);display:block;visibility:hidden;height: 86px;border: 5;position:absolute"></iframe><iframe frameborder="0" id="ie6Shim2" src="http://i2.walmartimages.com/blank.html" style="filter:progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Chroma(color=#FFffffff);display:block;visibility:hidden;height: 86px;border: 5;position:absolute"></iframe><![endif]  Hello, {0}. Sign Out | Help New customer? Sign In | Help Free Shipping on all Sony, Samsung & LG TVs <marquee behavior="slide" direction="left" width="390"> </marquee> ValueoftheDay LocalAd - For Changelocation  -  There are no Local Ads at this time. Check back later for the next local ad. StoreFinder  Find another store Search by entering a ZIP code, or your city and state. Show more options Find a Store  Registry  Baby Registry Wedding Registry Wish List GiftCards  Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Cards TrackMyOrders Please complete both fields. Email Address Order Number (last 6 digits) XXXXXXX &ndash; Forgot Email or Order Number? View Order Status OR Sign in to see details and track multiple orders.  MyAccount Track My Order My Account My Pharmacy Account My VUDU Library Sign in to view your account. Create a new Walmart.com account.  MyLists  Remind Me List My Wish List My VUDU Wish List Recommendations  Electronics & Office Electronics Accessories Auto Electronics Cameras & Camcorders Cell Phones & Services Computers GPS & Navigation Home Audio & Theater iPad, Tablets & eReaders iPods & MP3 Players TV & Video Video Games Electronics Learning Center Computers Desktops Laptops Monitors Networking Printers & Supplies Tablet PCs See all Office Breakroom Supplies Business Office Furniture Home Office Furniture Janitorial Supplies Office Supplies Office Technology Phones & Accessories School Supplies Movies, Music & Books Movies & TV Blu-ray Discs Moviecenter Movies (DVD) New Releases (Blu-ray & DVD) Preorders (Blu-ray & DVD) TV Shows (DVD) Videos on Demand by VUDU Music Music CDs Musical Instruments New Releases Preorders Soundcheck Books Top 200 Sellers New Releases Preorders See all Home, Furniture & Patio Home Appliances Bath Bedding Decor Home Improvement Kitchen & Dining Luggage Personalized Gifts Pets Rugs Storage & Organization Window Coverings Vacuums & Floor Care Wedding Registry Furniture Baby Bedroom Kids & Teen Kitchen & Dining Living Room Mattresses Office Patio TV Stands & Entertainment Centers Patio & Garden Garden Center Grills & Cooking Outdoor Play Patio Furniture & Decor Apparel, Shoes & Jewelry Apparel Shop for Her Intimates & Sleepwear Juniors Maternity Women Women's Plus Women's Shoes Shop for Him Men Men's Big & Tall Men's Shoes Workwear Shop Young Men Shop for Baby & Kids Baby & Toddler Boys Girls Baby & Kids' Shoes Featured Shops Style to Fall For School Uniform Shop Sports Fan Shop Shoes & Accessories Backpacks Bags & Luggage Hats & Accessories Shoes Jewelry Bracelets Earrings Pendants & Necklaces Personalized Jewelry Rings Watches Wedding & Engagement Jewelry Storage Baby & Kids Baby Registry Baby Activities & Toys Bath & Skin Care Bedding & Decor Car Seats Cribs Diapering & Potty Training Feeding Gear Gifts for Baby Health & Safety Nursery Furniture Strollers Toddler Baby & Toddler Clothing Newborn Boys Newborn Girls Baby Boys Baby Girls Maternity Activities & Toys Bouncers & Jumpers Gift Sets Learning Toys Playards Swings Walkers Toddler Beds Bedroom Sets Lounge Seating Table & Chair Sets Kids' & Teen Room Bath Bedding Decor Furniture Storage School Uniforms Shop Girls' Apparel Boys' Apparel Kids' Shoes Toys & Video Games Toys Action Figures Bikes & Riding Toys Building Sets & Blocks Development & Learning Toys Dolls & Dollhouses Games & Puzzles Kid's and Teen Electronics Music Instruments & Karaoke Preschool Pretend Play, Arts & Crafts Stuffed Animals Vehicles, Trains & Radio Control Toys: Shop by Age Outdoor Play Bouncers & Ball Pits Climbers & Slides NERF & Blaster Toys Outdoor Games Sandboxes Swimming Pools & Waterslides Swing Sets Trampolines Video Games Gamecenter Kids & Family Gaming Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS / DSi Nintendo Wii PlayStation 3 PlayStation Vita Xbox 360 PC Gaming Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Sports & Outdoors Exercise & Fitness Ab & Core Toners Boxing Ellipticals Exercise Bikes Exercise & Fitness Accessories Home Gyms Inversion Tables Mixed Martial Arts Steppers & Rowers Strength & Weight Training Treadmills Yoga & Pilates Outdoors & Recreation Bikes Camping Fishing & Marine Hunting Lawn Games Optics & Binoculars Paintball & Air Guns Swimming Pools & Waterslides Trampolines Winter Sports Team Sports Baseball & Softball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Soccer Swimming Tennis & Racquet Volleyball Sports Fan Shop MLB NBA NHL NCAA NFL NASCAR Soccer Auto & Home Improvement Auto & Tires Auto Electronics ATV, Motorcycle, RV Car Care & Maintenance Exterior Accessories Interior Accessories Tires Tools & Equipment Garden Center Gardening Tools Greenhouses Lawn Mowers Outdoor Power Equipment Pest Control Planters Sheds & Outdoor Storage Snow Removal Watering Home Improvement Air Conditioners Flooring Garage Storage Garden Center Generators Hardware Heating, Cooling & Air Quality Home Safety & Security Lighting Outdoor Living Paint & Home Decor Plumbing & Fixtures Pressure Washers Tools In Stores Now Auto Center Home & Family Center Photo Photo Available in 1-Hr Available Same Day Blankets Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Photo Books Prints See all Products Gifts, Craft & Party Supplies Crafts Accessories Albums Art Supplies Artificial Trees & Floral Beads & Jewelry Craft Storage Fabrics Kids' Crafts Needlecrafts & Yarn Scrapbooking & Paper Crafts Sewing & Quilting Party & Occasions Cake Supplies Decorations Disposable Tableware Invitations & Cards Party Favors Pinatas & Balloons Wedding Shop Gift Cards Check Your Gift Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards eGift Cards Gift Cards Specialty Gift Cards Visa, Mastercard & Amex Gift Cards Gift Shop Gift Baskets Gift Cards Gift Registry Personalized Gifts Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Kids Gifts for Baby Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Pharmacy Rx Services & Savings Programs Health Insurance & Benefits Shop Medicine & Supplies Medicare Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions View Order History New Pharmacy Customer Fill New Prescriptions Health Diet & Nutrition Home Health Care Medicine Cabinet Oral Care Personal Care Vision Vitamins Wellness Shops Beauty Bath & Body Deodorants & Anti-Perspirants Fragrances Hair Care Makeup Massagers & Spa Men's Grooming Shaving Skin Care Vision Contact Lenses Eye Care Products Reading Glasses Vision Center Health Resources Calorie Burn Calculator Diet & Fitness Tracker Health Shopping Advisors Over-the-Counter Medication Finder Grocery & Pets Grocery Baking Beverages Breakfast & Cereal Canned Goods & Soups Condiments, Spices & Sauces Fresh Food Food Gifts Frozen Foods Infant & Childcare Meal Solutions, Grains & Pasta Snacks, Cookies & Candy Household Essentials Batteries Bathroom Cleaning Supplies Family Room Kitchen Laundry Room Paper & Plastic Pets Birds Cats Dogs Fish Pet Food Small Animals In Stores Now Baking Cleaning Center Food & Recipes Center Healthy Eating Pets Center Grocery Delivery - Beta College Living  All Departments Apparel Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Electronics Gifts & Registry Grocery Health Home Home Improvement Jewelry Movies & TV Music Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games Help My Store: Choose My Store  My Store: Choose My Store  Please enter valid five-digit ZIP Code. Please enter both city and state, or ZIP code. Please enter valid ZIP code or city and state. Find another store Search by entering a ZIP code, or your city and state. Find a Store Product availability and pickup options are displayed for this store.To change your store, choose an option below. See More Stores   Search Product Q&amp;A Search Q&amp;A Looking for Answers about Generic Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White? Print this page See all Walmart Questions and Answers ACTIVITIES AND GAMES ( Q: 2541 A: 5348) APPLIANCES ( Q: 34279 A: 99588) AUDIO VIDEO ( Q: 14796 A: 29512) BABY AND MATERNITY APPAREL ( Q: 225 A: 792) BABY CARE ( Q: 4476 A: 14768) BABY GEAR ( Q: 6642 A: 18967) BABY NURSERY ( Q: 9138 A: 20889) BEAUTY ( Q: 7389 A: 16300) BIKES AND RIDE ONS ( Q: 11127 A: 24723) BIKE ACCESSORIES ( Q: 2249 A: 3768) BIKES ( Q: 5025 A: 11544) RIDE ONS ( Q: 2605 A: 6813) BATTERY POWERED ( Q: 1904 A: 4276) FOOT TO FLOOR ( Q: 284 A: 1040) TRIKES ( Q: 208 A: 859) WAGONS ( Q: 209 A: 638) SCOOTERS AND SKATES ( Q: 1248 A: 2598) BOOKS ( Q: 1739 A: 1860) BOYS TOYS AND MUSIC ( Q: 3251 A: 3422) CAMERAS AND CAMCORDERS ( Q: 11378 A: 18238) COMPUTER PERIPHERALS AND ACCESSORIES ( Q: 29141 A: 48606) COMPUTERS ( Q: 4381 A: 9015) DOLLS ( Q: 1093 A: 2932) DOMESTICS ( Q: 27822 A: 51518) FITNESS ( Q: 8834 A: 22632) FURNITURE ( Q: 49448 A: 115792) GROCERY ( Q: 8019 A: 4699) HEALTH AND WELLNESS ( Q: 13098 A: 19401) HOME IMPROVEMENT ( Q: 20812 A: 31293) HOUSEHOLD ( Q: 4796 A: 5877) JEWELRY AND GIFTS ( Q: 8648 A: 8429) KIDS APPAREL ( Q: 628 A: 1824) MENS APPAREL ( Q: 1968 A: 5508) MOVIES ( Q: 4701 A: 8499) MUSIC ( Q: 516 A: 648) NON APPAREL ( Q: 2829 A: 3259) OFFICE SUPPLY AND CRAFTS ( Q: 11304 A: 14453) OUTDOOR LIVING ( Q: 20568 A: 31432) OUTDOOR PLAY ( Q: 7490 A: 16033) OUTDOOR SPORTS ( Q: 22295 A: 35384) PETS ( Q: 6966 A: 12541) PHOTO OUTLAB ( Q: 15 A: 0) PORTABLE ELECTRONICS ( Q: 22123 A: 43153) PRESCHOOL AND LEARNING ( Q: 2576 A: 6187) SEASONAL AND CELEBRATIONS ( Q: 2566 A: 3356) SPORTS EQUIPMENT ( Q: 4792 A: 7523) STORE GIFT CARDS ( Q: 3329 A: 5386) TIRES AND AUTOMOTIVE ( Q: 24056 A: 21187) TV ( Q: 7138 A: 19926) VIDEO GAMES ( Q: 9433 A: 20353) WIRELESS ( Q: 22253 A: 30206) WOMENS APPAREL ( Q: 3112 A: 13096) Most Recent Questions Recent Question: ARE THE TIRES RUBBER (see more details) Asked on: Monster Trax 12-Volt Dirt Racer, Orange Recent Question: Lost a nut on the rear axle and need to know what the size is? (see more details) Asked on: Yamaha Raptor 700R Boys' ATV 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On Recent Question: Does this comes assemble? If not, how much do you charge to assemble? (see more details) Asked on: Fisher-Price Power Wheels 10th Anniversary Dora Lil' Quad 6-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On Recent Question: how and where can I purchase a charger. (see more details) Asked on: Monster Trax Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On, Purple Recent Question: Can this be put together upon delivery? (see more details) Asked on: Happy Rider 6 Volt Battery Operated Hot ATV Ride On - Black Questions with Most Recent Answers Question: Our charger broke I want to get a new charger where can I get it? (see answer) Asked on: Big Toys Red Hawk Motorcycle 12V Bike Question: Does this chopper have reverse? (see answer) Asked on: Rockin' Rollers Boss Chopper 3-Wheel 6-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On, Black Question: Does this come with a warranty? I just got my son this in Dec. and it isn't working correctly already. (see answer) Asked on: Rockin' Rollers Boss Chopper 3-Wheel 6-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On, Black Question: How long(riding time) does a fully charged battery last. (see answer) Asked on: Fisher-Price Power Wheels Barbie Jammin Jeep Question: how long can the childs legs be in order to fit inside buggy? (see answer) Asked on: Fisher-Price Power Wheels Dune Racer 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-On, Pink See all Walmart Questions and Answers > BIKES AND RIDE ONS Q & A > RIDE ONS Q & A > BATTERY POWERED Q & A Customer Questions &amp; Answers for Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White The Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on features easy foot-pedal operation. It's great for either boys or girls! Customer Questions &amp; Answers: 27 Questions  |  124 Answers Overall Rating: 2.5 out of 5 Choose a sort order Questions With the Most Helpful Answers Most Recent Questions Oldest Questions Questions With Most Recent Answers Questions With Oldest Answers Questions With Most Answers Can You Answer These Questions? Questions &amp; Answers for Generic Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White Question Did anyone get to purchase the 12 volt white convertible car from Walmart? Our Walmart didn't get it and none of the stores within a 100 miles or so got it. Did anyone reading the post online REALLY get to purchase this toy battery powered convertible 12 volt car? asked 1 year, 9 months ago By SCAMFOUND on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 20 answers Answers answer 1 I purchased mine online on 11/26/2011 for $99 it was the last one. I didn't even order untill 3:30pm was very surprised they last that long. They had them in my local store but they were gone fast.. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By littleholly  - Lumberton,NC answer 2 I ordered it online on 11-25 at a little before 2:00am CT. I got it for $99. I have no idea if it was in any of my local stores. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By KYMama82  - Kentucky answer 3 I was able to get 1st one after standing in line for 3 hours. our store had 4 of them. I was also concerned about the brand but figured even if it last a year or 2 the $99 was worth it. My son's power wheels silverado truck we paid around $330 lasted 7 years, but the axle broke when we first got it so even the &quot;name brand&quot; ones can have problems too. I think it's adorable for my 3 yr old girl. I am curious what the regular price is on these and how much I really saved?? She will be getting it for xmas so haven't opened it yet. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By JJamin  - ND answer 4 I did. I got to our walmart at 7. and was 12th in line. We had to wait until 10, but I did get one. Our walmart had 10 of the white convertibles, and 18 of the quadrunner things? lol But I can tell you that it is typical of stores to advertise such low and great black friday deals, and only have a few of the product. Its not just walmart! I have been doing the shopping thing for over 25 years...and have run into it atleast every other year with something I wanted!! I know my little grandson will be proud that I waited...or Santa waited :) answered 1 year, 8 months ago By everyoneneedsaRAGDOLL  - Georgia answer 5 I did! But only online and at 8am on 11/27. I also paid $119 for it as a cyber deal answered 1 year, 8 months ago By Bobbi020307  - Cabot, AR answer 6 Somebody that REALLY bought it turned around and listed it on Craigs List for $275.00. Its a shame that with them being in short supply someone had to be greedy and take one just to resell. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By momof4spoiled1s answer 7 They were available at my local Walmart but were all sold out by the time I tried to get one. I was able to purchase one online when it became available at 1am MST and it took me about an hour to actually purchase it since I also received several error messages, but I didn't give up until the transaction went through at about 2am MST! answered 1 year, 8 months ago By Sweety3605  - Denver, CO answer 8 Yes, I was able to buy this car. My cleveland hts.,ohio store only sold 9..i was 8th in line 9:15pm, thanksgiving night. But there was no display and I can't find any info online about how big it actually is. (I'd like her to ride for more than one yr.) considering exchanging for the F150. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By 5yroldsmom  - cleveland,ohio answer 9 I did buy it online but had problems trying to place the order due to walmart server being overloaded with people I had to use a laptop and a ipad to get threw,but it was not available in stores near me I had to order it online and get it shipped to my local store answered 1 year, 9 months ago By proudGiGi0408 answer 10 I live in Central Massachusetts and I was able to get one of these cars for my son on Black Friday. the store i went to only had 2 though and they were gone very quickly. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By turnersmoms answer 11 Our store had quite a few and as late as 10:30 I managed to get one. Although I found this completely by accident. At 10 I fought my way back to the toy department only to find none of the $99 cars and no one helping back there...as I was leaving near the toothpaste aisle someone was handing out cards and I just happened to look and she had two convertibles left in her hand..none of the wal-mart employees I asked previously knew where to go for them so I assumed they didn't have them...I was glad to be wrong. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By DesertRose98  - Kingsland, Ga answer 12 I was able to purchase it online, however I had read where someone waited until midnight to buy it online and it didn't come available. It became available at midnight Pacific time so that would be 3am EST. That could be why they had difficulty. I would keep monitoring it because it came available online again today for $119, but I see it has now sold out again. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By melandrad  - Mobile, AL answer 13 Yes, I did. I arrived at the store at 9pm but to had to wait until 10pm for the sale to start. They only had 10 cars. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By msnikkibe  - Wilmington, DE answer 14 There were lots at our Walmart. Stood in line for two hours. At ten o'clock they gave out tickets to take to checkout to purchase car, then you could drive around to a loading spot where they loaded it for you. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By Aynordeb  - South Carolina answer 15 I have run into the same situation as the two of you - found this car online a few days before Black Friday - I knew we'd be out of town over Thanksgiving, so I started researching which stores would have it in stock for the sale in the area we were visiting - couldn't find it ANYWHERE between Chicago and Tennesee where we would be traveling. I wasn't able to order it online at the $99 listed price - waited up until midnight on Black Friday and tried to purchase - got repeated error messages and such until 2 or 3 AM. I figured I'd go get it at the $20 higher price when we got back to town today (Saturday# and the ONLY store which had it listed in stock #over 20 miles away) didn't actually have any. The employee said they did have a few at midnight on Black Friday, but they were gone in less than 15 minutes. I question whether any of the other stores ever had any - no one seems to be able to remember seeing this toy, which, in my opinion, would be a pretty memorable one! SO frustrated! answered 1 year, 9 months ago By SassyPriceHunter  - Chicago, IL answer 16 They came available to order online a little after 2am central time. Our local store only had 3 of them and they went quick. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By Heather03 answer 17 I was able to get this car at my local wal-mart but they only had 5 available answered 1 year, 9 months ago By an anonymous customer answer 18 Yes. I personally stood on line for 2.5 hours and purchased it at my local walmart. They had 14 of them in stock at the store. Another Walmart 30 miles from me also had some in the store for Thursday's special. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By JerseyMom141  - Tuckerton, New Jersey answer 19 Yes I have one got it at the store...stood in line for a few hours they were all gone pretty quick tho answered 1 year, 9 months ago By Melane answer 20 I am wondering the same thing I just put in a complaint as I did not go to stores and so I waited online from 12:00am yesterday all day and it never came available online like it said it would and now upon checking store availablility I called the closest store on the list that it says has stock and they tell me that apparently the system is not updated as they have none. I'm getting frustrated now answered 1 year, 9 months ago By Nikk28 Question Can this power wheel seat two children? asked 1 year, 9 months ago By an anonymous customer on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 9 answers Answers answer 1 NO! Its just there for looks! NO children over 80 lbs either answered 1 year, 7 months ago By CrazyMomma99 answer 2 yes nothing over 88 pounds combined answered 1 year, 8 months ago By stewy57  - peoria arizona answer 3 depending on the size of the children, yes. There are 2 seatbelts as well answered 1 year, 8 months ago By JaySil answer 4 Yes. The seat is made of 1 long piece, but it has 2 separate seat belts and 2 headrests and holds a total capacity weight of 88lbs max. The speed shifter in in the floor between &amp; in front of the seats. Images for this Answer (click to see full-size image) (Click anywhere inside this popup to close it) (Click anywhere inside this popup to close it) Top 1000 Contributor answered 1 year, 8 months ago By NewPreemieParents  - Snellville, GA answer 5 This is a non-branded 12Volt Convertible Car from Winston. It was manufactured in limited quantity for Wal-Mart. It will hold 2 children. The total weight limit is 88 lbs. Walmart Supplier answered 1 year, 8 months ago By winstoncompany answer 6 Yes. The max weight capacity is 88lbs answered 1 year, 9 months ago By MangoTango29  - Virginia Beach answer 7 it stated the 2 seats and seatbelts yet also states 88lbs max. so depends on the childrens combined weights answered 1 year, 9 months ago By bbdawl answer 8 I had the same question and read that it is a two-seater with seatbelts. :o) Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White: •Age Range: 3 years and up •Drives on smooth surfaces •2 forward and reverse speeds •2-seat design with seat belts answered 1 year, 9 months ago By JWalters  - Kennesaw, GA answer 9 the details of the car have been posted, it states it can sit 2 children and has 2 seat belts answered 1 year, 9 months ago By an anonymous customer Question reverses in high and low speed just put this car together goes forward in low speed and reverses in high and low anybody got a solution asked 1 year, 8 months ago By an anonymous customer on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 8 answers Answers answer 1 We put the back wheels on the wrong sides and had the same problem. Make sure the colors of the wires match up and the L R stickers match the ones on the bottom of the car, ours were not actually left and right. answered 1 year, 7 months ago By Wendy1978  - North Carolina answer 2 Good Luck pal! The website says that some of the gears was misplaced/mislabled. And they advice there is no real problem with this. answered 1 year, 7 months ago By CrazyMomma99  - Jefferson City MO answer 3 the gear box is backwards. Turn the plug around. answered 1 year, 7 months ago By 4BABYBOY  - SLIDELL,LA answer 4 you might have to switch the gears.....from what i hear some stickers on have been put on backwards. Video Answer: (click on the play button to start movie)  Car has speed from just little clip answered 1 year, 7 months ago By jrod43026 answer 5 the directions for putting the back wheels are backwards. you have to put the right on the left and the left on the right answered 1 year, 7 months ago By monkeygirl12 answer 6 You have the tire motors on the wrong sides. Switch sides and it should be fine. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By OrlandoWallyWorld  - Orlando, FL answer 7 take out the floor shifter the wires are crossed reverse is on the high side swap them answered 1 year, 8 months ago By stewy57  - peoria arizona answer 8 I had same problem and took car apart and found that the wiring is backwards for the motors on the wheels. Also the motors for the wheels are backwards. The one that says left side goes on the right and the Right side motor goes on the left side.make sure when wires are plugged in that the colors match together green/black to green/black and pink/yellow and pink/yellow. I think that was the colors either way just make sure the same color wires are pluged in and match. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By Jriskus Question Are there any sounds? I have seen other battery powered ride-ons with sounds on the steering wheel or on a pretend radio. For the ones who have already purchased this, are there any lights or sounds on this one? asked 1 year, 8 months ago By ShopperKelly on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 7 answers Answers answer 1 no you'll be lucky if it works. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By soulcrusherxx  - Elmira Height, NY answer 2 If you purchased the one on black friday, i don't think so. The one I got didn't. And under the hood, it shows a spot where a speaker would go. But, I did ad a few mods to it costing me an additional $60... I added bright white and bright pink LED lights in the headlights connected to separate switches and separate power source. I also mounted a battery powered semi amplified speaker n mini mp3 player to the car with a volume control as well. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By JaySil answer 3 no lights and no sounds answered 1 year, 8 months ago By laylaymamii910911  - Utah answer 4 No sounds nor lights answered 1 year, 8 months ago By Convertiblecar  - Ft Lauderdale, FL answer 5 Nope, only sound is of the motor. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By an anonymous customer answer 6 It has no lights or sounds. There was something wrong with the battery too. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By BargainHunterMom3  - MS answer 7 no, there are no lights or sounds. There are buttons on the steering wheel, but no power goes to them for any sounds. The head and tail lights LOOK REAL, but they do not light up. Still a plus considering a lot of other ride ons have sticker head and tail lights. Images for this Answer (click to see full-size image) (Click anywhere inside this popup to close it) View of steering wheel &amp; dash (Click anywhere inside this popup to close it) Front of car. Top 1000 Contributor answered 1 year, 8 months ago By NewPreemieParents  - Snellville, GA Question Do the doors open and close on this car? I purchased this car on black friday, and do not plan on opening it until christmas. Just curious if the doors actually open and close. Thanks asked 1 year, 8 months ago By sarahcali on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 7 answers Answers answer 1 no you'll be lucky if it works. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By soulcrusherxx  - Elmira Height, NY answer 2 The doors don't open. I would suggest you open it up before Christmas. The one I got had a broken piece and the battery wouldn't last longer than 3 minutes. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By BargainHunterMom3  - MS answer 3 No, the 2 doors are fixed and do NOT open. This car took over 1 hour for my very handy hubby to get together securely. I STRONGLY urge you to open it sooner, if you have anywhere big enough to hide it. We had a small piece broken that we're making plans to fix before Christmas since there is no way to exchange it since they are mega sold out. Images for this Answer (click to see full-size image) (Click anywhere inside this popup to close it) Top 1000 Contributor answered 1 year, 8 months ago By NewPreemieParents  - Snellville, GA answer 4 No the doors do not open and close. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By lovn2kidsnva  - Virginia answer 5 No the doors do not open and close. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By walmartshopping11  - Louisiana answer 6 No. The doors do not open. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By MrsBaxley  - Alabama answer 7 The doors do not open or close. Walmart Supplier answered 1 year, 8 months ago By winstoncompany Question Would like to buy for my 3 yr old, but wonder if my 7 yr old (47 inches/55 lbs) would fit in this too? asked 1 year, 8 months ago By daisy3773 on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 6 answers Answers answer 1 holds only 88lbs answered 1 year, 7 months ago By christmaswassad  - tn answer 2 I bought for my 2 year old and my little sister is 6 and she was driving it her knees hit the steering wheel tho answered 1 year, 8 months ago By laylaymamii910911  - Utah answer 3 He should be able to. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By an anonymous customer answer 4 My daughter is 4 yr and 40-41 inches. Her knees touch the wheel so kind of uncomfortable for her. Also, it is a squeeze to put both legs on one side of gear stick. She sits in the middle. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By pshiwa answer 5 It holds up to 88 lbs so your 7 yr old would have no trouble fitting in. Just to warn you, I bought one for my daughter and it came with a broken piece and the battery kept shutting off.. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By BargainHunterMom3  - MS answer 6 Yes. My daughter is only 37 inches tall and she'll just be big enough to possibly drive it and reach pedal! It holds up to 88lbs. Top 1000 Contributor answered 1 year, 8 months ago By NewPreemieParents  - Snellville, GA Question Has anyone actually opened the box and used it? I wish this product had some actual reviews. I just called the number on the instruction manual provided on the site and they knew NOTHING. I went to their website and that wasn't helpful either. But I did google &quot;winston international ride ons&quot; and a small princess ATV from Walmart came up and had good reviews. The speeds are not 2.5 and 5 mph they are 1.86-3.73 so its not the average 12V speed. I hope I don't regret this purchase... Just such a good deal compared to the $250.00 and up power wheels. asked 1 year, 9 months ago By VKEM  - Sunrise, Fl on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 6 answers Answers answer 1 Your purchase was a waste of money, i have spoken with the customer service on 10 occasions and they know nothing about the product. my advice is save yourself the frustration and take it back. If you decide to keep it put it together now to see if you were a lucky one. Good luck. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By soulcrusherxx  - Elmira Height, NY answer 2 We stood in line for this car Thanksgiving night and bought it. My daughter's birthday is Dec 23 so we gave it to her already at her 3rd birthday party. It is really cute, and was a big hit at the party. She loves the car, however, after charging it 12+ hours the battery still won't hold a charge. We charge it and let her drive it for a few mins then have to plug it back up to charge again. Very disappointed in this purchase. I'm going to try to see if I can find a replacement battery for it..because my daughter loves it. Images for this Answer (click to see full-size image) (Click anywhere inside this popup to close it) Birthday girl in her new car! answered 1 year, 8 months ago By MMelanie  - Florida answer 3 I purchased this for my daughter and it came with a broken piece and the battery would go dead after 3 minutes. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By BargainHunterMom3  - MS answer 4 This is a limited edition 12Volt Convertible Car manufactured for Wal-Mart only. I think you will be pleased with your purchase. Walmart Supplier answered 1 year, 8 months ago By winstoncompany answer 5 Got it on Thanksgiving night. I'm glad I put it together the next day. It ran great until the battery ran down. I tried to charge it with the supplied charger and it wouldn't charge. The wiring is pretty small gauge. I took it back to Walmart and got a refund. I may have just got a bad car. It ran great when it ran. My Wife is 4.5 feet tall and 60 pounds, she was riding in it with the Kids. On high speed it goes a little faster then I could walk. My four year old Son had to run after the car when my Wife was driving it. Works best on pavement. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By boomer535  - Spring Hill Fl answer 6 Nobody seems to really know much about these, I guess we will all find out when our kids get them for xmas :) Another option is I guess you can put bigger batteries in the ride ons, I have never done it but heard of people doing it. They battery will then last longer and go a little faster and have a little more umph to it. Good luck, answered 1 year, 8 months ago By JJamin  - ND Question I am wondering if anyone knows anything about the cars and how they hold up or work compared to powerwheels? I did buy this Thanksgiving night for my grandson. I researched the company Winston Manufacturing and the car...but could not find any information on either. I don't know of any other vehicles they manufactured except the others that walmart sold...so does anyone else :) I assumed that Walmart wouldn't be dealing with them if they weren't reputable?! I know I got my granddaughter the Barbie Jeep Powerwheel...about 4 years ago...and it did hold up...she played on it...they would even push each other around in it, when it got to where a battery wouldn't recharge. I can't wait to see his face when he gets this one :) Just want to be sure that its gonna last. Any information would be greatly appreciated :) asked 1 year, 9 months ago By everyoneneedsaRAGDOLL  - Georgia on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 6 answers Answers answer 1 Each manufacturer is different, but this is an outstanding car for at a great price point! Walmart Supplier answered 1 year, 7 months ago By winstoncompany answer 2 read my review and you will have your answer. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By soulcrusherxx  - Elmira Height, NY answer 3 The one I got came with a piece broken and the battery wouldn't last more then 3 minutes. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By BargainHunterMom3  - MS answer 4 This car seems to be a LOT like the &quot;MY FIRST CAR&quot; from JC Penneys online my daughter got last Christmas. It's just BIGGER (3 x's bigger!) and faster. The charging plugs in below the driver seat like a cellphone charges up...just like our little &quot;My First Car&quot; does. So...if they are ANYTHING ALIKE, we all made a GREAT PURCHASE on this convertible! The tires are made JUST ALIKE my daughter's &quot;My First Car&quot; also! She's ridden that little car to death over a year and the charge holds great, battery has been great. Hope to see more of the same with this higher powered convertible..hoping it MAY BE along the same family tree or something. Top 1000 Contributor answered 1 year, 8 months ago By NewPreemieParents  - Snellville, GA answer 5 I got this Thanksgiving night too. It ran for one day and would not charge. The wiring is pretty small gauge. I think the wiring going from the charge connector to the battery was bad. Under the Warranty from the factory they say you are responsible for shipping costs to them to get it fixed. I took it back to Walmart and got a refund. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By boomer535  - Spring Hill Fl answer 6 I've tried to research the manufacturing company and car by model number and have hit the wall. The company as &quot;Winston International&quot; does have a boilerplate webpage at www.winstonintl.com but it is useless. Since the company is headquartered in Bentonville, AR, I imagine Walmart is, at least, a partial owner. Our local Walmart had 3 of them and they went fast, leaving the $300 - $400 cars on the shelf. I wish they'd order more of this type of item. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By CPOHARRY Question do doors open asked 1 year, 9 months ago By BrutusBeefCakes on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 6 answers Answers answer 1 the doors the hood and the lights do not open or light up answered 1 year, 8 months ago By stewy57  - peoria arizona answer 2 No answered 1 year, 8 months ago By soulcrusherxx  - Elmira Height, NY answer 3 no answered 1 year, 8 months ago By JaySil answer 4 No they do not. There are 2 &quot;doors&quot; but they are fixed as one solid body mold piece. Top 1000 Contributor answered 1 year, 8 months ago By NewPreemieParents  - Snellville, GA answer 5 The doors do not open. Walmart Supplier answered 1 year, 8 months ago By winstoncompany answer 6 Doors do not open.. but is low enough for the little ones to hop in and ride. answered 1 year, 9 months ago By MangoTango29  - Virginia Beach Question When charging should car be in on or off position, manual does not clarify? asked 1 year, 8 months ago By mms72 on Convertible Car 12-Volt Battery-Powered Ride-on, White 6 answers Answers answer 1 i charged mine in the off position and i put a voltage meter on it and showed 12 volts but the car only ran for 20 minutes and i had to carry it back with a very little upset grandson answered 1 year, 8 months ago By stewy57  - peoria arizona answer 2 We've charged it on ON for about 12hrs and it is working great. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By momof2dancers  - Oklahoma answer 3 car needs to be off when charging answered 1 year, 8 months ago By Jriskus answer 4 I don't believe it matters. I accidentally left mine in the 'ON' position while charging and it still charged up just fine. answered 1 year, 8 months ago By KYMama82  - Kentucky answer 5 off answered 1 year, 8 months ago By 1WM1SHOPPER  - PHILLY PA answer 6 Off answered 1 year, 8 months ago By soulcrusherxx  - Elmira Height, NY 1 of 3 total pages Next &copy; 2012 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 