  Home > News > News Index 27 August 2013 Celebrity Gossip, Music, Movie and Entertainment News Yesterday's Headlines Demi Lovato - Demi Lovato to play Naya Rivera's Glee lover 27th August 2013 Demi Lovato is to play Naya Rivera's on-screen love interest in 'Glee'. The 21-year-old singer-and-actress is to star in one of the first two... Read about Demi Lovato news article: Demi Lovato to play Naya Rivera's Glee lover Alec Baldwin - Alec Baldwin allegedly attacks photographer 27th August 2013 Alec Baldwin allegedly attacked a photographer today (27.08.13). The 55-year-old actor reportedly grabbed and pushed a paparazzo in front of several... Read about Alec Baldwin news article: Alec Baldwin allegedly attacks photographer Hilarity And Life Lessons In The Ladies' Room Are The Main Themes Of 'Powder Room' [Trailer] 27th August 2013 Powder Room is a neon-lit, booze-soaked revelation into what goes on in the lives of women when no one is looking in a story set, as you may have... Read about Sheridan Smith news article: Hilarity And Life Lessons In The Ladies' Room Are The Main Themes Of 'Powder Room' [Trailer] Madonna Is Top Earning Celeb Of Year Despite Album Flop 27th August 2013 Singer Madonna is Forbes' top earning celebrity of the year, after the 'Ray of Light' singer netted herself $120 million (£80m) in the past 12... Read about Madonna news article: Madonna Is Top Earning Celeb Of Year Despite Album Flop Patrick Dempsey - Patrick Dempsey's Wife Urged Him To Take Up Racecar Driving 27th August 2013 Actor Patrick Dempsey has revealed it was his wife who urged him to take up his lifelong passion of racecar driving professionally.The Grey's Anatomy... Read about Patrick Dempsey news article: Patrick Dempsey's Wife Urged Him To Take Up Racecar Driving Joshua Jackson - Joshua Jackson Headed Back To Tv For New Series 27th August 2013 Actor Joshua Jackson is heading back to Tv for a new show.The former Dawson's Creek star has been cast in upcoming series The Affair as Cole, a... Read about Joshua Jackson news article: Joshua Jackson Headed Back To Tv For New Series Django Unchained - Actor Walton Goggins Creates Mexican Drug Cartel Drama For Tv 27th August 2013 Django Unchained star Walton Goggins is heading back to Tv as a series creator and executive producer.The Justified star has reteamed with his The... Read about Walton Goggins news article: Actor Walton Goggins Creates Mexican Drug Cartel Drama For Tv Dick Van Dyke - Dick Van Dyke Back Behind The Wheel After Freeway Fire Drama 27th August 2013 Hollywood veteran Dick Van Dyke is back behind the wheel of a new Jaguar just days after his former luxury vehicle was destroyed by fire on... Read about Dick Van Dyke news article: Dick Van Dyke Back Behind The Wheel After Freeway Fire Drama Alec Baldwin - Alec Baldwin Involved In Incident With Photographer 27th August 2013 Actor Alec Baldwin has been involved in another altercation with a photographer.The alleged incident occurred on Tuesday (27Aug13) in New York and... Read about Alec Baldwin news article: Alec Baldwin Involved In Incident With Photographer Dr - Dr. Luke Will Not Be Joining American Idol - Report 27th August 2013 Dr. Luke will not be joining American Idol, despite previous reports.On Sunday (25Aug13), Dr. Luke's protege Becky G confirmed rumours the Since U... Read about DR news article: Dr. Luke Will Not Be Joining American Idol - Report Billy Ray Cyrus - Billy Ray Cyrus: 'Tweet Was Not About Miley' 27th August 2013 Country star Billy Ray Cyrus has cleared up confusion about a tweet he posted online on Monday (26Aug13), insisting he had the problems in Syria on... Read about Billy Ray Cyrus news article: Billy Ray Cyrus: 'Tweet Was Not About Miley' Finbar Furey - Finbar Furey In Talks To Play Bad Ben Affleck's Cop Dad In New Movie 27th August 2013 Irish folk legend Finbar Furey is in talks to play Ben Affleck's father in a new movie.The singer, who shared the screen with Daniel Day-Lewis and... Read about Ben Affleck news article: Finbar Furey In Talks To Play Bad Ben Affleck's Cop Dad In New Movie Jason Aldean - Fan Killed After Jason Aldean Show 27th August 2013 A fan was killed after country star Jason Aldean's concert in Scranton, Pennsylvania on Sunday night (25Aug13).The 40-something victim was knocked... Read about Jason Aldean news article: Fan Killed After Jason Aldean Show Frederick 'Toots' Hibbert - Toots And The Maytals Star Files Lawsuit Against Concert Promoters Over Bottle Injury 27th August 2013 Reggae artist Frederick 'toots' Hibbert has filed a $20 million (Gbp13.3 million) lawsuit against concert promoters in Virginia, after he was injured... Read about news article: Toots And The Maytals Star Files Lawsuit Against Concert Promoters Over Bottle Injury Harry Styles & Taylor Swift Have Dinner After MTV VMAs: Are They Back Together? 27th August 2013 Anyone who saw footage of country singer Taylor Swift and One Direction's Harry Styles at the MTV video awards would never say that the former lovers... Read about Harry Styles news article: Harry Styles & Taylor Swift Have Dinner After MTV VMAs: Are They Back Together? Lamar Odom - Lamar Odom returns home after six days of hiding 27th August 2013 Lamar Odom has reportedly returned home after going into hiding for six days. The Los Angeles Clippers basketball player was spotted driving into the... Read about Lamar Odom news article: Lamar Odom returns home after six days of hiding Adam Lambert - Adam Lambert defends Miley's VMA routine 27th August 2013 Adam Lambert has defended Miley Cyrus' controversial MTV Video Music Awards performance. The former 'American Idol' runner-up slammed the 20-year-old... Read about Adam Lambert news article: Adam Lambert defends Miley's VMA routine Bob Dylan - 'Another Self Portrait' Is The Album Bob Dylan Fans Have Wanted To Hear For 43 Years 27th August 2013 This Tuesday, August 27, sees the release of Bob Dylan’s sequel (or should that be a blooper reel) to his 1970 Self Portrait. The tracks on Another... Read about Bob Dylan news article: 'Another Self Portrait' Is The Album Bob Dylan Fans Have Wanted To Hear For 43 Years The Wicker Man Director's Cut To Open Sept. 27 27th August 2013 Director Robin Hardy's original version of the cult horror flick The Wicker Man has been scheduled to be re-released in the U.S. on September 27 in a... Read about Robin Hardy news article: The Wicker Man Director's Cut To Open Sept. 27 Final Box Office Figures Aug. 23-25 27th August 2013 The top ten films over the weekend, according to final figures compiled by Box Office Mojo (figures in parentheses represent total gross to date): 1.... Read about Lee Daniels news article: Final Box Office Figures Aug. 23-25 Box Office Hits The Doldrums Of August 27th August 2013 It is that time of year when the box office sinks to its lowest levels. This past weekend it fell below $100 million, and it is likely to remain... Read about Lee Daniels news article: Box Office Hits The Doldrums Of August Are Kids Watching More Violent Content On Tv? 27th August 2013 Have television shows that British children watch become too violent over the past decade? The British broadcasting regulator OFCOM said on Monday... Read about Channel 4 news article: Are Kids Watching More Violent Content On Tv? Another Star Is Born On Youtube 27th August 2013 A video of a young woman selected randomly from the audience by Kristin Chenoweth to sing a duet with her during her performance at the Hollywood... Read about Hollywood Bowl news article: Another Star Is Born On Youtube Radioshack May Get Lift From Cbs-time Warner Cable Tiff 27th August 2013 Struggling RadioShack, which has seen its stock plummet over the past year as it posted consecutive quarterly losses, could become the chief... Read about Stock news article: Radioshack May Get Lift From Cbs-time Warner Cable Tiff What Now For Espn Sports Journalists? 27th August 2013 The upcoming PBS Frontline documentary, which will reportedly disclose a virtual epidemic of debilitating head injuries suffered by football players,... Read about news article: What Now For Espn Sports Journalists? VMAs Reminded Us Of Why We Hated Each Other - No NSYNC Reunion Then? 27th August 2013 Any NSYNC fans out there latently hoping for a full-fledged reunion to add to the band’s mini one at the MTV VMAs better get ready for some... Read about Justin Timberlake news article: VMAs Reminded Us Of Why We Hated Each Other - No NSYNC Reunion Then? Lamar Odom Hiding Out In Hotel, Khloe Kardashian Vents Rage On Twitter 27th August 2013 Khloe Kardashian's husband Lamar Odom has been staying in an L.A hotel after a massive row caused the TV star to kick her NBA player partner out, it... Read about Khloe Kardashian news article: Lamar Odom Hiding Out In Hotel, Khloe Kardashian Vents Rage On Twitter Cyndi Lauper - Cyndi Lauper brands Miley Cyrus' MTV performance 'sad' 27th August 2013 Cyndi Lauper feels ''sad'' for Miley Cyrus following her controversial performance at the MTV Video Music Awards.The legendary Grammy Award-winning... Read about Cyndi Lauper news article: Cyndi Lauper brands Miley Cyrus' MTV performance 'sad' Ed Sheeran - Ed Sheeran thinks women want to 'mother' him 27th August 2013 Ed Sheeran thinks his female fans want to ''mother'' him.The 22-year-old singer doesn't believe he is a sex symbol and thinks women are more... Read about Ed Sheeran news article: Ed Sheeran thinks women want to 'mother' him Ricky Martin - Ricky Martin confesses to bullying gay men 27th August 2013 Ricky Martin used to bully gay men when he was younger.The 41-year-old singer - who announced he was homosexual in 2010 after struggling for years to... Read about Ricky Martin news article: Ricky Martin confesses to bullying gay men Jake Bugg Talks Album Number Two And Partnering With Rick Rubin [Interview] 27th August 2013 We managed to grab Jake Bugg for a quick chat at Leeds Festival 2013 over the weekend (August 23rd - 25th) where, among other things, he opened up... Read about Jake Bugg news article: Jake Bugg Talks Album Number Two And Partnering With Rick Rubin [Interview] Ben Affleck Already Has Haters - He Hasn't Even Put The Batsuit on Yet! 27th August 2013 Just when you thought the hoards of comic book fanatics were easing up a bit, allowing their favorite franchises to sun themselves under... Read about Ben Affleck news article: Ben Affleck Already Has Haters - He Hasn't Even Put The Batsuit on Yet! Nicole Kidman - Nicole Kidman Vows To Avoid Pushing Kids Into Acting 27th August 2013 Actress Nicole Kidman will not pressurise her children to follow her footsteps into the acting industry.The Moulin Rouge! star, who has two adopted... Read about Nicole Kidman news article: Nicole Kidman Vows To Avoid Pushing Kids Into Acting Mitch Hurwitz - Mitch Hurwitz: 'Arrested Development Movie Is Getting Close' 27th August 2013 Mitch Hurwitz, the creator of cult U.S. Tv show Arrested Development, is adamant a proposed movie version of the sitcom is inching closer to... Read about Arrested Development news article: Mitch Hurwitz: 'Arrested Development Movie Is Getting Close' Krysten Ritter - Krysten Ritter Launches Dog-saving Campaign 27th August 2013 Actress Krysten Ritter is urging animal lovers to take urgent action if they see a dog locked in a car on a hot summer's day.The Breaking Bad star... Read about Krysten Ritter news article: Krysten Ritter Launches Dog-saving Campaign Tami Erin - Tami Erin In 'Sex Tape' Mystery 27th August 2013 Actress Tami Erin is under pressure to respond following reports suggesting a sex tape has surfaced featuring the star.Erin, best known for taking... Read about news article: Tami Erin In 'Sex Tape' Mystery Om Puri - Om Puri On The Run After Wife-beating Claim 27th August 2013 Bollywood superstar Om Puri is in hiding after he was accused of assaulting his wife Nandita.The East Is East actor is wanted by cops following a... Read about Om Puri news article: Om Puri On The Run After Wife-beating Claim Naughty Boy - Naughty Boy Listened To Elton John Perform From His Car 27th August 2013 Hit British producer Naughty Boy listened to Sir Elton John's concerts from his car outside a venue because tickets were too expensive.The... Read about Naughty Boy news article: Naughty Boy Listened To Elton John Perform From His Car Tv - Peter Andre To Scale Back Career For Family 27th August 2013 Singer-turned-reality Tv star Peter Andre has vowed to withdraw from the spotlight when his new baby is born.The Mysterious Girl hitmaker has two... Read about Peter Andre news article: Peter Andre To Scale Back Career For Family Diplo - Diplo Eyes World Twerking Record 27th August 2013 Music producer Diplo is aiming to set a new world record with a mass 'twerking' dance-off.The beatmaker is hoping to attract thousands of women to... Read about Diplo news article: Diplo Eyes World Twerking Record Michael Jackson - Katherine Jackson Hated Kids' Face Masks 27th August 2013 Michael Jackson's mother Katherine hated it when he made his children hide behind masks in public and vowed to ditch the bizarre accessories when she... Read about Michael Jackson news article: Katherine Jackson Hated Kids' Face Masks Adam Lambert - Adam Lambert Defends Under-fire Miley Cyrus 27th August 2013 Pop star Adam Lambert has waded in to defend Miley Cyrus following her ultra-raunchy performance at the MTV Video Music Awards, insisting the... Read about Adam Lambert news article: Adam Lambert Defends Under-fire Miley Cyrus Shania Twain - Shania Twain is searching for a producer 27th August 2013 Shania Twain is searching for a producer for her new album. The 47-year-old country star has most of the songs ready for her next record and she is... Read about Shania Twain news article: Shania Twain is searching for a producer Charli Xcx - Charli XCX writes song for Britney Spears 27th August 2013 Charli XCX has written a song for Britney Spears' new album.The singer-songwriter - who co-wrote and featured on Icona Pop's number one hit 'I Love... Read about Charli XCX news article: Charli XCX writes song for Britney Spears Stef Dawson - Stef Dawson cast in Hunger Games: Mockingjay 27th August 2013 Australian actress Stef Dawson has been cast in 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay'.The little-known actress will play Annie Cresta in both part one and... Read about news article: Stef Dawson cast in Hunger Games: Mockingjay Scott Eastwood - Scott Eastwood joins Fury 27th August 2013 Scott Eastwood has been cast alongside Brad Pitt in World War II epic 'Fury'.The young actor - who is the son of legendary actor-and-director Clint... Read about Scott Eastwood news article: Scott Eastwood joins Fury Oscar De La Renta - Oscar de la Renta cuts fashion show guestlist 27th August 2013 Oscar de la Renta has slashed the guestlist for his Spring/Summer 2014 fashion show at New York Fashion Week by more than half.The 81-year-old... Read about Oscar De La Renta news article: Oscar de la Renta cuts fashion show guestlist John Lennon - Bloomingdale's celebrates Beatlemania 27th August 2013 Bloomingdales will celebrate the 50th anniversary of Beatlemania with a new collection called Brit Style.The American department store is planning to... Read about John Lennon news article: Bloomingdale's celebrates Beatlemania Breaking Bad Season Five Episode 11: So, Who Are you Rooting For Now? 27th August 2013 There was a time when we could root for both Jesse Pinkman and Walter White in tandem; their loyalty to eachother despite threats of death against... Read about Aaron Paul news article: Breaking Bad Season Five Episode 11: So, Who Are you Rooting For Now? CeeLo Green on Goodie Mob's Age Against The Machine: "I Know it's Exceptional" 27th August 2013 Goodie Mob’s youngest and most successful breakout star has spoken about his group’s new album, Age Against The Machine – the first offering... Read about Cee-Lo Green news article: CeeLo Green on Goodie Mob's Age Against The Machine: "I Know it's Exceptional"   Top Headlines &quot;She&#039;s As Tough As Nails&quot; Says Artist: Has Cheryl Cole Defaced Herself With Bum Rose Tattoo? 28 hours ago Cheryl Cole&#039;s tattoo &#039;hides&#039; her beautiful bum 5 hours ago MTV VMAs 2013: Miley Cyrus&#039; Disturbing Performance 20 hours ago Peter Capaldi Will Stay Scottish As &quot;Trickier &amp; Fiercer&quot; Doctor Who 32 hours ago Katherine Jackson Hated Kids&#039; Face Masks 4 hours ago Dr Hasnat Khan Calls Diana Movie Terrible, Admits He Hasn&#039;t Seen It. 8 hours ago Jake Bugg Talks Album Number Two And Partnering With Rick Rubin [Interview] 3 hours ago Miley Cyrus&#039; pal blasts Kelly Clarkson over &#039;pitchy stripper&#039; jibe 5 hours ago Ben Affleck Already Has Haters - He Hasn&#039;t Even Put The Batsuit on Yet! 3 hours ago Cyndi Lauper brands Miley Cyrus&#039; MTV performance &#039;sad&#039; 2 hours ago  Register | Login Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS  Home New In Today Play Online Games Music Music Home Music Reviews Music Videos Interviews Latest Videos Festivals Video Chart New In Today Movies Homepages Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Latest Movie Trailers Morning Philomena Bears The White Queen Enough Said Despicable Me 2 Latest Movie Reviews Elysium Movie Review The Kings of Summer Review We&#039;re the Millers Movie Review The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones Review What Maisie Knew Movie Review The Dyatlov Pass Incident [aka Devil&#039;s Pass] Movie Review News News Todays News Top Stories Video Footage News Archives Press Releases Featured Articles CeeLo Green on Goodie Mob&#039;s Age Against The Machine: &quot;I Know it&#039;s Exceptional&quot; Jamie Oliver&#039;s Latest Gripe: Poor Families Wasting Money On Junk Food Eminem Announces New Album, But Did He Mime At Leeds Festival? Is Syfy&#039;s Adaptation of &#039;12 Monkeys&#039; Such A Good Idea? Lance Bass Really Wants N-Sync Reunion, Says Justin Is Too Busy Archive 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Photos Present All Photos Photos by Album Photos by Artist Popular Top Pictures Top Galleries Past Picture Archives Yesterday&#039;s Pictures Galleries Justin Bieber Pictures Kim Kardashian Pictures Selena Gomez Pictures Artists Popular Artists Miley Cyrus Lady GaGa Chadwick Boseman One Direction blank Robin Thicke Rick Rubin James Brown N Sync blank Justin Timberlake Ben Affleck Rihanna Khloe Kardashian blank Bryan Cranston Naughty Boy Katy Perry Lamar Odom blank Beyonce Knowles Eminem Selena Gomez Simon Cowell Videos Music Videos Video Chart Latest Videos Celebrity Video Footage Press Press Release Archives Editor Comments Editor's Picks: Cbgb Jake Bugg - Video Interview Lamar Odom Hiding Out In Hotel, Khloe Kardashian Vents Rage On Twitter Harry Styles & Taylor Swift Have Dinner After Mtv Vmas: Are They Back Together? Ben Affleck Already Has Haters - He Hasn't Even Put The Batsuit On Yet! Will Smith & His Kids' Faces Of Horror During Miley Cyrus Mtv Vmas Performance Powder Room Vmas Reminded Us Of Why We Hated Each Other - No Nsync Reunion Then? 'Another Self Portrait' Is The Album Bob Dylan Fans Have Wanted To Hear For 43 Years Lamar Odom Wasn't Missing After All, But His Drug Problem Is Still Very Real  Artist Index A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 Top News Cyndi Lauper brands Miley Cyrus&#039; MTV performance &#039;sad&#039; Breaking Bad Season Five Episode 11: So, Who Are you Rooting For Now? Burn! Ellie Goulding Incinerates UK Charts For Second Week Jake Bugg Talks Album Number Two And Partnering With Rick Rubin [Interview] Eminem Announces New Album, But Did He Mime At Leeds Festival? Katherine Jackson Hated Kids&#039; Face Masks Latest Videos CBGB Trailer Jake Bugg - Video Interview Powder Room Trailer All The Boys Love Mandy Lane Trailer Saint Motel - Daydream Wetdream Nightmare Video Latest Reviews Jake Bugg - Video Interview Nancy Elizabeth - Dancing Album Review Green Man Festival 2013 - Live Review Robert Delong - Just Movement Album Review Beacons Festival - 2013 Live Review Latest Photos Selena Gomez - The Los Angeles premiere of &#039;The Getaway&#039; at Regency Village Theatre Ethan Hawke - The Los Angeles premiere of &#039;The Getaway&#039; at Regency Village Theatre Jon Voight - The Los Angeles premiere of &#039;The Getaway&#039; at Regency Village Theatre Sophie Simmons - The Los Angeles premiere of &#039;The Getaway&#039; at Regency Village Theatre Rebecca Budig - The Los Angeles premiere of &#039;The Getaway&#039; at Regency Village Theatre  Celebrity Pictures Help Contact Us Advertise Business Write For Us T&amp;Cs Privacy Site Map Bookmark Pictures Of People  © 2013 Contactmusic.com Ltd, all rights reserved  