 Northern Film + Media Sign up for our Email Newsletter  Recent Items You do not have any recent items. You do not have any favourites. Home News Events About Contact Us Vacancies Funding Links Television Film Digital Media Production Service Projects Opportunities NFM on YouTube Conference Latest Industry News The Independent - Film: The firebrand film-makers out to provoke and engage The Guardian - Technology: NSA surveillance program violates the constitution, ACLU says The Guardian - Art &amp; Design: As we live and breathe: your photos of funerals and smoking The Guardian - Art &amp; Design: Painting of Vladimir Putin in women's underwear seized by Russian police Broadcast: Hulu orders comedy from Lionsgate Broadcast: Amazon orders Electus debut kids series The Guardian - Technology: California officials ask residents to avoid social media for Rim fire updates The Guardian - Film: The true story behind Pain &amp; Gain The Guardian - Art &amp; Design: Lady Gaga and Jay-Z help Marina Abramovic reach Kickstarter goal The Guardian - Technology: Lady Gaga and Jay-Z help Marina Abramovic reach Kickstarter goal The Guardian - Technology: The 20 online talks that could change your life The Guardian - Technology: Google acquisition of Waze traffic app sparks OFT inquiry BBC - Technology: Facebook details government requests The Guardian - Film: Under the Skin heads up great expectations The Independent - Film: Video: One Direction film This Is Us premieres in America The Guardian - Technology: Facebook report: governments asked for data on 38,000 users this year The Guardian - Art &amp; Design: Should the Iron Lady be immortalised in bronze? The Guardian - Technology: Facebook's value climbs above $100bn for first time The Guardian - Film: Everest film of Mallory and Irvine's doomed trip to get world premiere The Guardian - Art &amp; Design: Are Andy Warhol's 15 minutes over? View All Television Media Previous John Yorke John Yorke Lecture on 'Entertainment and Art in Storytelling' John Yorke, controller of BBC continuing drama, will be delivering a lecture on 'Entertainment and Art in Storytelling' as a guest of the Newcastle Centre for the Literary Arts at Newcastle University. Read the rest of the article below. Next Warning : mysql_fetch_array(): supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in /home/nfandm/public_html/classes/article.php on line 1226 11:28 AM November 15th 0 people like this 464 views Share This Tweet This Like This Send to a friend John Yorke Lecture on 'Entertainment and Art in Storytelling' John Yorke, controller of BBC continuing drama, will be delivering a lecture on 'Entertainment and Art in Storytelling' as a guest of the Newcastle Centre for the Literary Arts at Newcastle University on Friday 23rd November. John joined BBC Radio in 1986 and moved to television as a Script Editor on EastEnders in 1994. He later moved from being Deputy Head of BBC Drama to become Channel 4&rsquo;s Head of Drama, commissioning Shameless, Sex Traffic, Not Only But Always and Omagh. In 2004 he returned to the BBC as Controller of Continuing Drama and Head of Independent Drama, commissioning Life on Mars, The Street, Waterloo Road, Bodies and many more, as well as overseeing the four longrunning series: EastEnders, Holby City, Casualty and Doctors. He also created and runs the BBC Writers&rsquo; Academy &ndash; now in its seventh year. Where : Curtis Auditorium, Herschel Building (off Percy Street), Newcastle University, Newcastle-Upon-Tyne, NE1 7RU. When : Friday 23 November, 5.30pm onwards. This event is free, all are welcome, and there is no need to book. For more information about the Newcastle Centre for the Literary Arts (NCLA) click here . T: +44 (0)191 440 4940 EU Solutions for Business Send to a Friend OK Friend's Email: Your Name: Your Message: Close Add to Favourites OK Article Title: Article Link: Close Like This Your approval has been registered. Close Facebook Facebook There are currently no posts. Please try again later. Twitter Twitter There are currently no tweets. Please try again later. 