  Shopping Tools Vehicle Tools Build Your Own Competitive Comparison Download a Catalog Offers &amp; Finance Deals &amp; Offers Estimate Payments Trade-in Appraisal Contact Chevrolet Schedule a Test Drive Get Email Updates Live Chat Search Inventory Request a Quote Locate a Store  Locate a Store Please enter your ZIP code to find dealers in your area: GO Click Here for Advanced Search.  View All Dealers Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals &amp; Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards &amp; Safety Design &amp; Technology History &amp; About All Search Search Popular Searches Camaro Silverado Equinox Corvette Impala  Cruze MYEE Traverse Volt Silverado Accessories Chat Contact Us Questions Cars Crossovers &amp; SUVs Trucks &amp; Vans All 2013 Camaro Coupe 2012 Camaro Coupe Model Overview Photos &amp; Videos Models &amp; Specs Compare Build Your Own Search Inventory Previous As shown: $38,350* IMAGINE WAKING UP TO THIS EVERY MORNING [if IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/static/cms/chevroletflex/css/main-ie8.css" /><![endif] [if IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/static/cms/chevroletflex/css/main-ie7.css" /><![endif] [if IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/static/cms/chevroletflex/css/main-ie6.css" /><![endif] See Other Camaro Models Close MSRP from$23,345* Rekindle your passion for driving. The unmistakable Camaro Coupe. All that performance and up to 30 MPG highway. 30 mpg hwy 426 horsepower V6 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO COUPE MSRP from$23,345* MSRP from$30,660* This isn’t just any convertible, it’s a Camaro Convertible. Drop the top and experience the surge of its 323 horsepower V6 engine. 28 mpg hwy 426 horsepower V6 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP from$30,660* MSRP from$54,350* With the 6.2L supercharged engine and its 580 horsepower and 556 lb.-ft. of torque, this is barely street legal. 19 mpg hwy 580 horsepower V8 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP from$54,350* MSRP from$59,545* Drop that top in 18 seconds or less and feel the thrust of the 6.2L supercharged engine that packs 580 horsepower and 556 lb.-ft. of torque. 19 mpg hwy 580 horsepower V8 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO ZL1 CONVERTIBLE MSRP from$59,545* As shown: $38,350* As shown: $38,350* As shown: $38,350* Next Change Color Rally Yellow (extra-cost color $395) Ashen Gray Black Crystal Red Tintcoat (extra-cost color $395) Inferno Orange Metallic (extra-cost color $395) Blue Ray Metallic Silver Ice Metallic Summit White Victory Red Connect with Camaro  MSRP from $23,345* Request a Quote Search Inventory near you View Inventory Search Inventory Enter Zip Search Search Inventory Please contact a dealer Start a New Search KBB.com Consumer Rating 9.2 out of 10 overall rating KBB.com EPA Estimated MPG 30 mpg hwy † Learn About Efficiency Max. HP 426 horsepower † Learn about Performance Standard V6 engine † Learn about Performance ALL THAT POWER AND IMPRESSIVE MPG?  It starts when you get that first glance of the unmistakable design. Those deep-set eyes, the rear shoulders sculpted from an impressive one-piece, body side panel. Oh, there’s an immediate chemistry alright. But it’s on that first real driving date that you’ll really be hooked — because Camaro Coupe’s beauty isn’t only skin deep. It’s the 323-horsepower V6. Or the massive boost behind the 426-horsepower V8 available on SS, including the SS with the track-ready 1LE Performance Package. It’s the excitement of the precision handling that comes with 4-wheel independent suspension and world class braking you can’t get on a Mustang. The smart and accessible technology you’ll find inside. It won’t take you long to realize that this one is different from all the other cars you’ve driven before. By the time you uncover the accessible price, the EPA-estimated 30 MPG highway for 2LS, the available 7-inch diagonal touch-screen and the available Head-Up Display projected on your windshield, there’ll be no turning back. This really was meant to be. The 2013 Camaro has been recognized by J.D. Power as the “Highest Ranked Midsize Sporty Car in Initial Quality in a Tie.” † Download Catalog Download Spec Sheet   RUNS CIRCLES AROUND YOUR EXPECTATIONS Outstanding Performance and Efficiency Not only does the Camaro Coupe’s LFX V6 boast 323 horses that will propel you from 0 – 60 in 6.4 seconds. But it also offers impressive fuel efficiency: 30 MPG highway † for the 6-speed automatic transmission 2LS. The dual overhead cam engine gives you heart-racing performance. Direct Injection and Variable Valve Timing combine to ensure you’ll never waste a drop of gas. This is one high-tech, low-down, powerful engine. If unbridled power is what you’re after, the Camaro aluminum SS 6.2L V8 engine offers 426 horsepower and 420 lb.-ft. of torque befitting its aggressive reputation. Suspension and Steering That Helps Keep You in Control  It’s so fun to drive, you might just volunteer to pick up the dry cleaning. The independent rear suspension and variable-ratio power steering give you the kind of handling you’ve only dreamt about. Its chassis is tuned to stick in turns and handle transitional situations like a champion. A 52/48 front-to-rear weight ratio gives you the kind of balance you’d expect from the world’s best sports cars. New in 2013 for manual transmission models is Hill Start Assist that will help keep your Camaro from rolling backwards when you’re taking off from an inclined position. Performance from the Ground Up The exhilarating Camaro experience starts — literally — where the rubber meets the road. New 20” wheels available on LT and standard on SS, make a statement that’s impossible to ignore. Pair them with Pirelli ® PZero ®† ultra high performance summer-only tires † for a true experience of style and power.   2013 Camaro SS standard 426 HP aluminum V8 (400 with available automatic). The Power and Performance You’d Expect from a Camaro SS The first time you strap yourself into Camaro SS, make a mental note of where the hood release is. You’ll thank yourself later.  Because with this car you don’t just prop the hood to add windshield washer fluid. It’s packing an engine you’ll want to stand back and admire. And maybe let your friends sneak a peek at. If they’re lucky. Unbridled Camaro Power… The 6.2L V8, paired with the standard 6-speed transmission, offers 426 horsepower and 420 lb.-ft. of torque. Or opt for the high-tech combination of speed and efficiency with the 6-speed automatic transmission with Active Fuel Management, which offers 24 MPG highway † and delivers 400 horsepower. …and the Tools to Control It Launch control on the manual transmission SS helps control wheel spin for faster 0­-60 sprints. TAPshift ® manual controls on the automatic transmission SS give you command over the gear selection for an exhilarating sports car experience, while keeping the transitions smooth. The performance-tuned suspension with finely tuned stabilizer dampers provides an outstanding ride, balanced transitions, and excellent steering and handling. Pair it with the standard 20” wheels with Pirelli ®† PZero ® ultra high performance summer-only tires † and Brembo ® brakes for superior performance and control.  2013 Camaro 2SS Coupe in Victory Red with available 1LE Performance Package and RS Package.  2013 Camaro SS Coupe in Rally Yellow (extra-cost color) with available RS Package and Black Rally Stripes. You’ll Feel It, They’ll Hear It  You’ll notice the electrically assisted power steering that is tuned for a specific feel and performance characteristics. It replaces traditional hydraulic power steering on Camaro SS. As for that sound they hear, that’s the ZL1-inspired, available dual-mode exhaust on Camaro SS. It enables peak performance at high engine speeds, and has been engineered to create an aggressive sound at idle without sounding overwhelming when cruising at a steady speed—the drawback of some aftermarket performance exhausts.  Send See Features THE 2013 CAMARO SS 1LE PERFORMANCE PACKAGE Living Up to its Legendary Name For more than two decades, both owners and enthusiasts have coveted the competition-ready third- and fourth-generation Camaro 1LE Performance Package. Now the 1LE is back, combining the white-knuckle performance elements of ZL1 and SS with a decidedly aggressive attitude of its own. Best of all, this 1LE is here to stay. Learn more about the 1LE Performance Package.  Brembo ® brakes, standard on the 2013 Camaro SS.  2013 Camaro SS Coupe with available 1LE Performance Package features Forged-aluminum black 20-inch wheels.  Independent suspension standard on all 2013 Camaro models  Send See Features  YOUR COMMAND AND CONTROL CENTER  2013 Camaro 2SS instrumentation cluster is optimized for easy viewing.  2013 Camaro 2SS Coupe interior features new Chevrolet MyLink † radio with 7-inch diagonal color touch screen.  An auxiliary 4-pack of gauges is included with 2013 Camaro 2LT and 2SS.  2013 Camaro 2SS Coupe with Beige leather-appointed seating. An Interior as Fine-Tuned as the Drive Itself Once you’re strapped in and ready for takeoff, you’ll notice that the Camaro Coupe interior is designed to make your rule of the road as comfortable and instinctive as possible. The comfort begins with the seats. Deep bolstered and ready for even the longest road trips, the LT, SS and ZL1 all come with standard six-way power driver and passenger seats. But it’s the driver who really controls the Camaro Coupe, and nothing is more vital to that control than the steering wheel.  Chevrolet engineers have optimized it to give you top-level response and control with a luxurious feel. Control audio functions with buttons right on the steering wheel, plus take advantage of the standard Bluetooth ® wireless technology † for select phones that helps keep you connected while keeping your eyes on the road. You’ll also appreciate a new ZL1-inspired manual transmission shifter and a newly designed “frameless” inside rearview mirror that comes in handy to see all the vehicles you’ve left behind. Gauge Your Performance The Driver Information Center has been designed to let you monitor your vehicle’s vital stats at a glance so you can keep your eyes where they belong — on the road. From the intuitive instrument panel and revised climate control graphics to a four-pack of auxiliary gauges — standard on 2LT and 2SS — that includes oil pressure and transmission temperature, you’ll always be up to date.  Send See Features CHEVROLET MYLINK † Stay Connected, Informed and Entertained With Chevrolet MyLink, † every trip in your Camaro can feel like a getaway. Easily connect your smartphone with standard Bluetooth ®† and take control of a wide range of top-notch technology right at your fingertips. Through voice commands or touch controls, tune into Pandora ®† or Stitcher SmartRadio ™† or listen to commercial-free programs through SiriusXM Satellite Radio, † standard for 12 months on 2LT and 2SS models or three months LS, 1LT and 1SS models. Learn more about MyLink  Send See Features SO HIGH-TECH IT'S ALMOST SCI-FI  The Head-Up Display on 2LT, 2SS projects key stats on the vehicle's windshield.  2013 Camaro Coupe features the new Chevrolet MyLink radio with 7&quot; diagonal color touch screen † .  Control the features of your 2013 Camaro with the touch of a button, right from your steering wheel.  The USB port † included in LT and SS lets you plug in your compatible smartphone or device. Head-Up Display Standard on 2LT and 2SS, the Head-Up Display (HUD) is specially designed for high-performance driving situations. The HUD presents performance data without requiring the driver to look away from the usual viewpoint. HUD displays speed, rpm and more — even your radio station — right on the windshield. You can even customize the display height and intensity to best help you stay on top of vital information while keeping your eyes on the road.  Mobile Apps Stay connected to your Camaro with the myChevrolet † or OnStar ® RemoteLink ™† mobile apps. Start your vehicle, † check diagnostics, contact roadside assistance, schedule routine maintenance and more. Available from the iTunes Store and Android Marketplace .  OnStar ® Turn-by-Turn Navigation Have upcoming turns and street names displayed on the Driver Information Center or hear directions from the automated voice through OnStar ® , † standard for the first six months. Or choose the available navigation radio for maps and directions downloaded to the new 7-inch diagonal touch-screen. Remote Start Press the button on your key fob and start your vehicle remotely. † Requires available automatic transmission on LT and SS models. SiriusXM Satellite Radio Enjoy a 12-month (2LT and SS models) or three-month trial (1LT and 1SS models) of SiriusXM Satellite Radio † from coast to coast. See channel listings and more info .  Wireless Technology Stepping into your car no longer means stepping away from your day. Take calls and connect your music with the touch of a button, † available on select phones.  Boston Acoustics Enjoy performance sound with the available Boston Acoustics premium nine-speaker sound system. Send See Features 2013 HOT WHEELS SPECIAL EDITION  Full-Size Fun Available on either the Camaro 2LT or 2SS, and immediately recognizable as a Hot Wheels ® -inspired Camaro with exterior features such as a vibrant Kinetic Blue Metallic paint scheme and 21&quot; red-striped wheels, this limited special edition is truly unique, as it’s the first-ever full-size production Hot Wheels car offered for sale by any manufacturer. With production beginning in the first half of 2013, this new collaboration from Chevrolet and Hot Wheels holds great cultural significance, as the 1968 Custom Camaro 1:64-scale toy was one of the original sixteen Hot Wheels cars ever created. This rare opportunity to actually drive home a real-life Hot Wheels Camaro will be a dream come true for millions of fans and collectors alike.  Send Learn More WITH GREAT POWER COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITY First with Five in Every Category The 2013 Chevrolet Camaro Coupe has received the highest possible five-star score in every individual safety rating segment of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s New Car Assessment Program. † Learn more about the safety rating. For Camaro, it’s high performance safety before, during and after a crash.  Before  Standard on every Camaro, antilock brakes and the StabiliTrak ® Electronic Stability Control System with Traction Control help keep you in control during emergency maneuvers. The control module compares your steering input with the vehicle’s actual response and, if necessary, makes the corrections to help keep you on track. During  In the event of a collision, six standard air bags † help protect heads, chests and knees. And the ultra-strength steel safety cage helps keep everyone in the vehicle protected. After OnStar ®† Automatic Crash Response, standard for the first six months on all Camaro models, means you can be automatically connected to emergency assistance if a crash occurs — whether or not the air bags deploy. Read more about Chevy vehicle safety  Send See Features HOW SUSTAINABLE IS THE CAMARO? Check out its “Ecologic” Features. Here at Chevrolet, we believe in being a responsible steward of our environment. Recently, we’ve developed a new way to communicate some of the environmentally significant features of each vehicle we make. We call it “Ecologic.”  Every aspect of Ecologic is audited by Two Tomorrows, an independent third party sustainability auditor. To learn more about Ecologic and the Two Tomorrows’ process, click here. Fuel-Saving Technologies  On models with the 3.6L V6 engine, Continuously Variable Valve Timing (VVT) adjusts airflow in and out of the combustion chamber under all engine speeds, which makes for better fuel economy and lower emissions. With Direct Injection, fuel is injected directly into the combustion chamber in one of two ways; either before air flows into the cylinder or at the same time, resulting in efficient power generation and fuel consumption. On models with the 6.2L V8 engine, electric power steering uses an electric motor instead of an engine-driven belt, which results in a lighter overall workload and increased efficiency. Active Fuel Management™ deactivates fuel delivery to 4 cylinders in lighter-load conditions, such as highway cruising, which improves fuel economy (V8 SS, automatic transmission only). Responsible Manufacturing  The engine facilities are landfill-free. These facilities use a process to reuse, recycle or convert to energy all waste created in their daily operations, which conserves resources. Some water and engine-air deflectors are manufactured with more than 99% recycled content, which includes used tires. Recycled material conserves resources and reduces landfill deposits. Landfill gas supplies 16% of the energy to heat and cool the Toledo, OH, transmission facility (automatic transmission only), which makes the facility less reliant on fossil fuels. The facility also features a designated habitat area certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council, which provides ecological benefits. End-of-Life Recyclability  After the vehicle’s useful life, 85% of it is recyclable. The majority of its components can be broken down and recycled, which conserves resources and reduces landfill deposits.  Send See Features BUILD YOUR 2013 CHEVROLET CAMARO MSRP from $23,345* Build Your Own Request a Quote Get a Trade-in Appraisal View Deals &amp; Offers Calculate Monthly Payments   1 15 Air bag inflation can cause severe injury or death to anyone too close to the air bag when it deploys. Be sure every occupant is properly restrained. 2 14 Requires available remote vehicle starter system and automatic transmission. 3 19 The 2013 Chevrolet Camaro received the lowest number of problems per 100 vehicles among midsize sporty cars in a tie in the proprietary J.D. Power 2013 Initial Quality Study SM . Study based on responses from 83,442 new-vehicle owners, measuring 230 models and measures opinions after 90 days of ownership. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of owners surveyed in February-May 2013. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com . 4 3 Go to gm.com/bluetooth to find out which phones are compatible with the vehicle. 5 17 Data rate plans apply. 6 18 Government 5-Star Safety Ratings are part of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s (NHTSA’s) New Car Assessment Program ( www.SaferCar.gov ). 7 4 EPA estimate. 8 HP 426hp @ 5900 RPM on 1SS and 2SS with standard manual transmission 9 5 Pirelli is a trademark of Pirelli &amp; C. S.p.A. 10 6 Do not use summer-only tires in winter conditions, as it would adversely affect vehicle safety, performance and durability. Use only GM-approved tire and wheel combinations. Unapproved combinations may change the vehicle's performance characteristics. For important tire and wheel information, go to gmaccessorieszone.com or see your dealer. 11 7 MyLink functionality varies by model. Full functionality requires compatible Bluetooth and smartphone, and USB connectivity for some devices. MyLink on Camaro does not include CD player. 12 Engine 1LS, 2LS, 1LT and 2LT 13 8 Requires iPhone or Android platform. 14 10 Requires a subscription sold separately by SiriusXM after trial period. Available only in the 48 contiguous United States and Washington, D.C. Visit siriusxm.com for details. 15 Fuel Economy 2LS, 3.6L V6 engine with 6-speed automatic transmission 16 11 Not compatible with all devices. 17 12 Visit onstar.com for coverage map, details and system limitations. Services vary by model and conditions. OnStar acts as a link to existing emergency service providers. 18 13 Available on iPhone, Android and select BlackBerry devices. Services vary by phone, vehicle and conditions. Requires active OnStar subscription. Vehicles Cars Crossovers SUVs Trucks Vans Diesel Vehicles Performance Vehicles Hybrid Vehicles All Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Commercial Use Fleet Awards &amp; Accolades Shopping Tools Deals &amp; Offers Estimate Payments Locate a Store Build Your Own Search Inventory Request Quote Request Test Drive Competitive Comparison Offers &amp; Finance Deals &amp; Offers Trade-in Appraisal Estimate Credit Score Apply for Credit Chevy Volt Car Tax Credit Estimate Payments Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards &amp; Safety Design &amp; Technology History &amp; About All Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals &amp; Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Help Center Click to Chat FAQ Contact Us Download A Catalog Email Updates Site Map GM Sites Visit GM.com Chevrolet Worldwide Follow Chevrolet  Copyright &amp; Trademark Privacy Statement Important Information User Guidelines AdChoices Español *The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Chevrolet vehicles' destination freight charges . **The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Destination freight charge is $995 for 2014 Tahoe, 2014 SS, 2014 Corvette Coupe and 2014 Corvette Convertible. SiteCatalyst code version: H.14.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com Close Destination Freight Charges  To allow you to do an accurate price comparison with prices featured on other Internet sites, GM provides Internet pricing both with and without the Destination Freight Charge (see prices including Destination Freight Charge below). To get full pricing details, go to our Build Your Own section. 2014 Vehicles 2013 Vehicles 2012 Vehicles 2014 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SPARK EV MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  ALL-NEW 2014 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 2500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 3500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CAMARO ZL1 CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE 427 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 TAHOE HYBRID MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 BLACK DIAMOND AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EXPRESS MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 COLORADO MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  