 Home | More Cities | MAP | Daily Good News Call 1 (888) 785-0500 or Click Here to Get Listed Charleston, SC Bookmark  Charleston Directory Living In Charleston Things To Do In Charleston Charleston News Charleston Event Calendar Arts, Music &amp; Entertainment in Charleston Charleston is one of the brightest spots on the East Coast for a variety of reasons. Aside from its inviting climate, beautiful scenery and historic richness, it also is a haven for creative and artistic endeavors that are put forth by individuals who are equally creative and artistic. So if live theater, music, art, and entertainment are what interest you, the scene in Charleston offers much to explore and enjoy. Theatre 99 is a one-stop shop for great improvisational entertainment as well as a fine place to get a great deli-style meal. Enjoy a beer or a sandwich or anything else from the casual menu while the Have Nots, one of the area's more popular improvisational troupes, takes the stage to bring you some much-needed laughter to help you unwind over your meal and forget the stresses of the week. Various acts from the area as well as the region perform at Theatre 99, so make sure to check back regularly and come on back to get your fill of a great meal that also comes with a main course of improv. Address : 280 Meeting Street, Charleston, SC 29401 - MAP Phone : (843) 853-6687 Web : www.theatre99.com Charleston's unbreakable ties with history are everywhere, and your evening at the theater is no exception. The Dock Street Theatre has the distinction of being the first theater ever opened in the United States, meaning it's been delivering entertainment for a long time. While the original structure of the Dock Theatre burned down, it has been rebuilt on the very same site and continues the tradition of staging some of the most impressive productions in town. The theater is also the venue for Charleston's popular Spoleto arts festival and remains the city's focal point for great artistic expression. Address : 135 Church Street, Charleston, SC 29401 - MAP Phone : (843) 965-4032 Web : www.charlestonstage.com The Charleston Stage Company lives up to the magnitude of its name, offering entertainment for the whole family. Founded in 1978 by playwright Julian Wiles, this venue is the state's largest professional theater company in operation and it resides in the city's equally impressive Dock Street Theatre. The quality of their productions is quite impressive as the performers and directors are not only seasoned professionals but also meticulous when it comes to honing their craft to the finest detail. Shows such as Chicago, Inga Binga and more are slated throughout the season, and special workshops and presentations for children are also slated at various times of the year. Address : 135 Church Street, Charleston, SC 29401 - MAP Phone : (843) 965-4032 Web : www.charlestonstage.com Being first is always best, and the Footlight Players have been first in Charleston theater since 1931. That longstanding tradition of artistic excellence and commitment to their craft is what has made the Footlight Players the city's premier group of actors and performers. Some of their recent productions include South Pacific as well as several unconventional endeavors with their Late Night Theatre group that are presented in exclusive engagements. So if you've had a fine dinner and want to do something a little different tonight, let the Footlight Players provide some unforgettable entertainment for your evening in Charleston. Address : 20 Queen Street, Charleston, SC 29401 - MAP Phone : (843) 722-4487 Web : www.footlightplayers.net If you want to experience art in an environment that is just as compelling and interesting as the art itself, then venture out to the Hamlet Art Gallery and experience some truly moving work. Featuring paintings and other mediums, the artists that are part of this impressive gallery are local, regional and national talents whose art is not only an expression of their talent, it touches and speaks to everyone who enjoys it. The Hamlet Art Gallery is truly a gem among the venues on Gallery Row. Address : 7 Broad Street, Charleston, SC 29401 - MAP Phone : (843) 722-1944 Web : www.hamletgallery.com Formerly known as the Gloria Theatre, the Sottile Theatre is a first-class performing arts venue located on the campus of the College of Charleston. The theater hosts several events that range from ballets to Broadway musicals, concerts and operas. The Sottile has an impressive history, as it opened its doors back in 1927 and has gained the faithful support of art lovers and theater-goers in Charleston for several years. The 785-seat entertainment venue is a work of art itself, as it features state of the art sound and staging technologies as well as a layout that includes a balcony, dinner at a a piazza and other reception rooms. Address : 66 George Street, Charleston, SC 29424 - MAP Phone : (843) 953-6340 Web : www.sottile.cofc.edu More Charleston Arts, Music &amp; Entertainment Attractions in Charleston Events in Charleston Family Attractions in Charleston Festivals &amp; Shows in Charleston Hidden Treasures in Charleston Movie Theaters in Charleston Museums &amp; History in Charleston Nightlife in Charleston Outdoor Activities in Charleston Restaurants in Charleston Romantic Date Ideas in Charleston Shopping in Charleston Sports &amp; Recreation in Charleston Tours in Charleston Charleston Government Charleston Education Charleston Hospitals Charleston Transportation Charleston Utilities Even More Charleston &gt;&gt; Share This Page  &copy; THECityOfCharleston.com - Accredited Member Of CityOf.com - All rights reserved. | CityOf.com/Logs (Independent / Third Party Verified Results) Get Listed | View All Categories | Visit Another City | Contact Us | About Us | Testimonials | Our Promise | Your Comment | Daily Good News 