 Don't waste your time being hassled by other service centers. Take your car somewhere you can trust! Get a Repair Estimate Message (optional) Leave this field empty. Want More Information? If you have questions or would like more information, take a look at our FAQ page for the answers you need. If you need more information, give us a call. We'd be happy to help. Find Quick Answers Auto Services Section Our knowledgeable experts have the skills, equipment, and resources necessary to provide complete and affordable auto repair and maintenance services for any make or model of car or truck. Find Services The Best Auto Repair in Columbus, Ohio DiPietro Tyre Centre is a premier provider of quality auto maintenance services and auto repair in Columbus, Ohio. We have years of experience servicing all vehicle makes and models, and we know what it takes to get your car or truck into the best shape possible. Columbus Car Repair Services DiPietro Tyre Centre offers the following Columbus car repair services: Auto repair Scheduled maintenance Diagnostics Exhaust Engine services Alignment Tune-ups Tires Cooling System Maintenance Fleet Work Much more Committed to Customer Satisfaction If you need a car repair in Columbus , large or small, come to DiPietro Tyre Centre. We are committed to providing affordable service and attentive customer service to each of our customers. Along with our dependable services, we also offer a complete selection of the highest-quality products to ensure optimal performance over time. Get an Estimate Shop Information Services Custom Wheels New Tires Oil Change FAQ Tires &#038; Wheels Testimonials Contact Us Contact Info (614) 300-3719 5700 Westerville Rd. Westerville, OH 43081 Hours M-F: 8:00 am to 6:00 pm Sa: 8:00 am to 3:00 pm Closed Sundays DiPietroTireCenter.com Home Services Custom Wheels New Tires Oil Change FAQ Tires &#038; Wheels Testimonials Contact Us Call to speak with the auto experts! (614) 300-3719 Get an Estimate -- 5700 Westerville Rd. , Westerville , OH 43081 -- (614) 300-3719 Copyright &copy;2013 AutoServiceColumbusOhio.com Tweet  