  Classic Car Restoration  and Repair  Call Us Today 800-716-9635 Email Us  Chemical Stripping Auto Maintenance Custom Fabrication Auto Body Paint Newsletters  Sign Up - Email Newsletters   Mon to Fri: 8:00AM - 5:00PM Saturday: By Appointment Contact Us   Site Map Select Motors Home Services - Classic Car Auto Restoration and Repair Classic Car Auto Restoration Air Conditioning &amp; Heat Classic Car Auto Restoration Auto Body Panel Repair and Replacement Classic Car Auto Restoration Auto Frame Repair and Modifications Classic Car Auto Restoration Brake Conversion and Repair Classic Car Auto Restoration Cooling Systems Classic Car Auto Restoration Chemical Stripping Classic Car Auto Restoration Differential Service Classic Car Auto Restoration Electrical Service Classic Car Auto Restoration Engine Service Classic Car Auto Restoration Fuel Systems Classic Car Auto Restoration Metal Fabrication Classic Car Auto Restoration Paint Design Classic Car Auto Restoration Transmission Service Classic Car Auto Restoration Custom Chassis and Suspensions Finished Work - - Antique, Classic Car Auto Restoration Photographs Current Projects - Antique, Classic Car Auto Restoration Photographs Shop Our&#160;Online Stores for Vintage, Classic, Muscle Car, Antique Auto Parts and Accessories Newsletters about Classic Cars, Vintage Autos, Muscle Cars, Antique Car Restoration Pick Up &amp; Delivery Services for Your Car Contact Select Motors http://antiqueautorepair.net http://antiqueautorestoration.net http://antiquecarrepairshop.com http://antique-car-restoration.com http://antiquecarrestorationshop.com http://auto-restorer.com http://autorotisserierestoration.com http://carrestorationandrepair.com http://classic-auto.net http://classiccarrepair.net http://classiccarrepairshop.net http://classic-car-restoration.net http://classiccarrestorationshop.net http://classic-car-restorers.com http://classic-car-shop.net http://hot-rod-restoration.net http://muscle-car-repair.com http://muscle-car-restoration.net http://oldcarrepair.net http://oldcarrestoration.net http://professionalautorestoration.com http://selectmotors.net http://truck-restoration.net http://vintagecarrepair.net http://vintagecarrestoration.net Auto Restoration by Select&reg; Motor Company , Inc. Classic Car Restorations 800-716-9635 The restoration professionals at Select&reg; Motor Co specialize in the restoration and repair of Classic Cars, Trucks, Street Rods, Hot Rods and Muscle Cars. Select&reg; Motor Co. is a one stop restoration and repair facility. We offer a complete line of classic car restoration and repair services from nut and bolt frame off restorations to factory upgrades like air conditioning, power steering and disc brakes. No job is too big or too small for our talented staff. We build original rolling works of art limited only by the imagination, as well factory original classics that will take you back in time. Car Restoration Services Take time to browse through our auto restoration work by clicking on Current Projects and Finished Work or view the individual services we provide by clicking on the Services Tab. Call Select&reg; Motors to translate your vision into show stopping reality; the car of your dreams to your specifications. Rest assured we will make your project our mission. Air Condition - Heat Custom Air Auto Air Installation Design &amp; Repair Custom Under Dash Auto AC Systems Installed Custom In Dash Auto Vent Design &amp; Installation Factory Original Auto A/C Systems Installation &amp; Repair Obsolete &amp; Hard to Find Auto Parts Sourced We install and repair automotive factory air conditioning and after market AC systems. Body Panel Repair Classic Auto Body One of the most essential steps in a car body repair and restoration is stripping away old products such as seam sealer, body filler and paint, along with rust. If these offenders are not removed they will most likely rear their ugly heads on an otherwise perfect vintage auto body restoration. At Select Motors we use the chemical stripping and e-coating process to assure we start your restoration project with the cleanest body panels possible. Brake Repairs Restoration Let Select Motors return your classic car brake system to its original function and appearance. Often what appears to be an original brake arrangement is a severe mismatched set of parts that function poorly. Select Motors has the expertise to diagnose and deliver a first class brake system for your classic car or truck. Chemical Stripping Auto Chemical Stripping Chemical Stripping to remove rust and the E-Coating Process: You may wonder, &quot;How much rust does my car have?&quot; There is only one way to find out - strip it down to bare metal and take a look. Most rust is hidden under body filler and paint. Auto chemical stripping is our method of choice for rust removal. E-Coating, an electrically applied sealer is then used to seal the bare panels to help prevent rust from coming back. Want to know more? Give us a call 800-716-9635. Cooling Systems Systems Cooling System Upgrade Installation Select&reg; Motors can install one of the many cooling system upgrades currently available on the market or we can custom build and install a cooling system suited to your needs. Modern cooling systems can incorporate reliability only dreamed about when you classic car was first built. We install cooling system upgrades including high capacity radiators, high-flow water pumps, electric fans, and transmission coolers. Differential Service Differential Differencial Services; Gears spoken here! We have the precise instruments and the expertise to setup new gears. We offer installation of various locking differentials and have upgrade differentials available. From production to custom, we can make it happen. Electrical Electrical Automotive Electrical 6 Volt to 12 Volt Conversions The restoration team at Select&reg; Motors can replace your wiring harness with an original replacement harness, no matter the era of your automobile. Custom built harnesses produced and installed. Engine Service Engine Our engine experts will restore your vintage engine to factory specs, or design and install a custom engine package for your car. From power adders to engine compartment detail, stock or custom, we will deliver what you desire in a power plant. Frame Repair Auto Frame Repair Classic Car Frame Repair and Replacement: Is the frame of your classic car in fair shape overall, but there are some specific areas that are severely rusted? Fuel Systems Design The technicians at Select&reg; Motors specialize in custom fuel systems including carbureted, fuel injected and power added systems. Metal Fabriction Custom Auto Parts The Select Motors knowledgeable and experienced staff have proven their customization skills time and time again, customized sheet metal shaping and fabrication body construction. Firewalls Floorboards Transmission tunnels Floor braces Production of other obsolete structural body parts Inner roof panels and inner wheelhouses and rockers Paint Design Paint Custom Paint Services From the most modern techniques to the most ancient art forms we know custom paint and can deliver it with the highest standard of quality. Rotisserie Restoration Rotisserie Rotisserie Restoration Services We use the Whirly Jig Rotisserie System, which allows our technicians access to all angles of the vehicle for exceptional undercarriage detail without the risk of body distortion. This process ensures proper fit of doors, hoods and body panels. Transmission Service Transmission Transmission and Differential System Services We are transmission transplant experts specializing in overdrive automatics, five or six speed upgrades, and conversions from automatic to standard (or vice versa). Steering Upgrades Steering We offer steering upgrades for your classic car. These services include power or manual rack &amp; pinion, close ratio steering boxes, steering column upgrades including installation of products like Flaming River and Ididit tilt columns steering wheels and accessories. Suspension - Chassis IRS, IFS Front Suspension Custom Suspension Fabrication &amp; Chassis Restoration The chassis builders at Select Motors offer a wide variety of experience that includes the restoration of vintage chassis to factory original condition to complete chassis building and fabrication custom tailored to meet our clients needs. Ultra Custom Suspension Fabrications that include Four Link Suspensions, Triangulated Four Link Suspension, Independent Suspension, IRS Independent Rear Suspension, Back Half Suspension, and Air Ride Suspensions. Finished Work 1955 Chevy Custom Classic Car Restoration Select&reg; Finished Project - We use the Whirly Jig Rotisserie System, which allows our technicians access to all angles of the vehicle for exceptional undercarriage detail without the risk of body distortion. This process ensures proper fit of doors, hoods and body panels. - '55 Chevy - Stainless Chrome - Instrumentation - E-coating frame-off restoration 1989 Ford Mustang Convertible Classic Car Restoration Select&reg; Finished Project - Finished Project - 1989 Ford Mustang GT Convertible - '89 GT - Custom two-tone - Soft-top - custom restoration 1964 1/2 Ford Mustang Convertible Classic Car Restoration Select&reg; Finished Project - Finished Project - 1964 1/2 Ford MustangOur Ford Mustang Convertible project car is what enthusiast refer to as a 1964 &frac12; Mustang. These first Mustang models were offered in a coupe or convertible and featured a base 170-cubic inch six-cylinder engine with a three-speed floor shift transmission. An optional 260-cubic inch V-8 engine was available, in addition to a four-speed manual transmission or a three-speed automatic &ldquo;Cruise-O-Matic&rdquo; transmission. The Falcon platform Mustang featured full wheel covers, bucket seats, carpeting, and a padded dash. The Mustang made its world debut at the World&rsquo;s Fair in Flushing Meadows, New York. 1968 Chevrolet Camaro Classic Car Restoration Select&reg; Finished Project - Finished Project - 1968 Chevy Camaro Convertible Camaro RS / SS 396 Convertible Frame-off Restoration If I hadn't seen it for myself, I wouldn't believe it... 'A car in the barn' story going down before our very eyes! 1966 Chevrolet Chevelle Classic Car Restoration Select&reg; Finished Project - Finished Project - 1966 Chevy Chevelle Ever wondered what happened to that cool car you rode in while in high school? The guy in our story heard of his high school dream car trading hands and was persistent enough to acquire it from the second owner. Deep into his restoration, time to work on the '66 Chevelle became very scarce. He elected to have Select Motor Company prepare his car body for paint. Photos here will show the process. 1967 Dodge Pickup Classic Car Restoration Select&reg; Finished Project - Finished Project - Classic Truck Original Frame Off -Restoration Judges flip over this classic truck restoration. The Dodge D-100 pick up truck was treated to a complete frame off restoration including chemical stripping and e-coating the body. The finished product had paint and body quality extremely nicer than when this truck was new. Our Dodge customer's Dad, a college professor, had bought the '67 Dodge pickup brand new because it was the most practical vehicle for him at the time. His son, the current owner, wanted his D-100 to be restored to new condition, essentially reverse the damage nature had delivered the truck over the past 42 years, and add air condition. The aftermarket air conditioning system was to be installed as inconspicuously as possible. 1969 Mustang BOSS 429 1969 Mustang BOSS 429 Our engine experts will restore your vintage engine to factory specs, or design and install a custom engine package for your car. From power adders to engine compartment detail, stock or custom, we will deliver what you desire in a power plant. Current Projects Customer Portal Working Projects Shop Online Body Bolt Kits Fleur de Lis Car Parts Store Ebay Store Gift Store Newsletters Newsletters - Online Free Online Edition FleurDeLisStoreOnline.Com Newsletter - Car Restoration News - Project Examples - Coupons - Special Feature Articles - Owner Stories - Classic Cars - Shop Notes - Custom Hotrods - Sales Contact Select&reg; Motor Company, Inc. 1-800-716-9635 Hours &amp; Contact Information: Mon. - Fri. 8:00AM to 5:00PM Saturday: By Appointment Sunday : Closed Phone Numbers: (800) 716-9635 or (318)640-4584 Fax: (318)640-4592 Email team@select-motors.com Visit Us Online: http://selectmotors.net Directions: Select&reg; Motor Co., Inc. 6205 Monroe Highway Ball, Louisiana 71405 Driving Maps on Google Maps 