 e-AutoParts.org Home About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap  [if IE 6]><div style="height: 20px; overflow: auto; position: relative"></div><![endif] Recent Posts How To Choose The Right Type of Tires By Preston On March 13, 2013 No Comments As the only thing in contact with the road when you are driving; good tires are essential for completing the tuning process. After all, what is the point of having an engine tune and making modifications only to drive around on poorly chosen and fitted tires? The right tires can have a dramatic effect on the performance of your car. Here is a handy guide to getting the most out of them. Tread Tires should always be chosen for the weather conditions. Many performance tires are designed to be used in dry conditions where slick tires with little tread hold the road better. Unfortunately for those of us living in northern climate, the weather is often very wet and slick tires are illegal. This makes the shape of the tread the most important element in choosing tires for performance vehicles. In general the best choice for fast driving are &#8220;directional pattern&#8221; tires; where the lateral groove on both sides of the tire point the same direction. These can either have &#8220;v groove&#8221; or &#8220;diamond&#8221; shape blocks. However many people prefer diamond as they hold the corner a little better and give a more predictable all round drive. Wheels balanced and inflated to correct specifications Improperly aligned wheels can cause uneven tyre wear, steering judder and mess with your fuel economy. If you are thinking about changing your tires you should first make sure that you have had your wheels balanced. The best time to do this is with your new tires fitted. You also should check that your tires are inflated to the manufacturer`s specification. Ideally the pressure should be changed for the load you are carrying. Under or over inflated tires can cause damage to your rims and will lead to poor fuel economy. Never mix tires on the same axle If you come across a tyre that is worn or damaged it can be tempting to buy a single tyre. Even if the new tire is the same make and model, the tread will be different. Whilst this may not make much difference on your average family car; on a tuned performance car odd tires can cause a host of problems. The uneven grip caused by the new tire can cause steering issues which can prove dangerous at high speed. Tires should always be replaced in pairs on the same axle and if possible rotated. Rotation Traditionally tires are rotated in order to even out wear across all four tires and maintain performance. Rotation means removing a worn pair from the car completely and swapping the remaining pair to another position before fitting new tires in their place. The direction of the rotation can differ depending on the model of the car and can even include crossing over from left to right on the same axle. Normally, new tires should be placed on the rear of the car and swapped for the front; which wear out faster in front wheel drive cars. Lewis Dawn is an experienced automotive writer. He has worked with various firms specialising in car tuning and other performance modifications Top 10 Tips When Financing Your Car By Louis On July 14, 2011 No Comments Acquiring a car is most people&#8217;s second biggest investment decision after their home. But rarely is enough thought or preparation given to ensuring that the purchase is right for the family needs. Getting the best means taking some time and resisting impulses and urges. Time is on your side and the sellers will still be there so there is no need to panic. So here a few tips to help make the finding and financing of a new car for the family that bit easier and more successful. 1. Set a budget. Know how much you can afford and stick to it. There is nothing to be gained by spending more than you can comfortably afford so work out the monthly budget and see what you want to pay each month. 2. Get on the internet or read some motor magazines and articles. Doing some basic research on the types of car that are currently available and comparing their performance or fuel economy can help you select whether you want new or second hand car , diesel or petrol, town runabout of family people carrier. 3. Talk to family and friends. They will have been through the loop to so see what you can gain from their experience. They may recommend lenders or dealers or specific models – all is valuable input to help you decide. 4. With car finance 247 availability online, shop around and see who is offering the best loan deals and at what rates. You can be a cash buyer in the eyes of the dealer if you already have your finances in place. If the rates and terms suit your budget then get one or two approvals in principle – getting more could inadvertently damage your credit history. 5. Look at manufacturer financing deals. Even though you may have a car loan organised through a lender some manufacturers run promotions on models from time to time that represent good value with there lynchburg carpet cleaning contracts for there sports cars. Compare their car finance calculator deal and purchase price with the deal you could do with additional discount for cash sale and your lender loan. 6. Make sure you have a test drive. It could look great on paper but the driving position may be bad for you or the performance and handling lacking. 7. If buying secondhand then check the warranty being offered. Most are limited in some way as to either time or parts coverage. See if you can get a more comprehensive warranty by haggling. 8. Get a written quote. Then go away and think it all over without the pressure of a salesperson keen to get you to sign for the sale. This will enable you to check the financing terms and make sure tha car is right for you. 9. Think hard as to whether payment protection insurance is right for you. Whilst many policies have been badly sold, the basic insurance can be of genuine value. However, arranging this independently could be better than taking it from your lender or car dealer. 10. When you have the keys put one set away somewhere safe. Modern remote control keys cost a considerable sum to replace if lost so always keep one set where you know they will be safe. 10 Ways to Source Your Own Car Parts By Louis On July 11, 2011 No Comments If you are looking to source your own car parts, either because your vehicle is rare or simply in an effort to save some money, the following are ten top tips to buying parts which should help you to avoid costly mistakes. Similarly, if you are browsing used BMW for sale , or indeed other marques and you find a bargain requiring some attention, there are a number of key points that can make the difference between a superb deal and a costly white elephant. 1.    Set yourself a reasonable budget. By setting a budget you will be able to decide whether you can afford to buy a brand new part or a quality used part. 2.    Genuine or generic? Once you have set your budget, compare the prices for genuine manufacturer&#8217;s original parts with the prices for the generic replacements. Some generic parts are of a high standard and may enable you to buy a brand new part rather than looking for second hand original parts. 3.    Consider how you are going to get the part fitted to your car. Independent mechanics are more willing to undertake these jobs, but get a quote and factor it into your budget from the start. 4.    If you have a little technical knowledge and some tools there are plenty of books and guides in libraries and on the internet which will help you to undertake simple jobs. However, you should never undertake any work on suspension or brakes unless you are highly experienced or a qualified mechanic. 5.    Make sure you are looking for the right part. Modern cars have many variations and parts must be for your specific make, model and variation to ensure they fit properly. Some parts are interchangeable between models, so speak to an experienced parts broker or mechanic for advice. 6.    Once you know what part you are looking for and how much it will cost, you can start to compare prices. Whilst there are good suppliers on the high street, it is well worth comparing prices with online suppliers as there is often a substantial saving to be made. 7.    If your budget is really tight, it may be worth checking your local scrap yards to see if they are breaking a car of your make and model. Some scrapyards will expect you to remove the part from the car yourself, although most will have removed the part from the vehicle and will be selling it at a competitive price. 8.    To avoid sub-standard parts, check your seller&#8217;s credentials. Auction sites may allow you to source both second hand and new parts but do make sure they are genuine: the internet is awash with cheap counterfeit parts. 9.    Consider specialist forums or car clubs if you have a rare vehicle which is tricky to buy for. Owners clubs will often have classified sections where you might be able to source your part, or you may be able to ask in the forums for information on a particular manufacturer or supplier. 10.   Car clubs and forums often set up group buying deals which can be a great way to save money on your purchase. Be prepared to wait slightly longer for your part however, as the club will usually need to get several names on the list before the order can be placed. Recent Posts How To Choose The Right Type of Tires Top 10 Tips When Financing Your Car 10 Ways to Source Your Own Car Parts Categories Car Financing Car Parts August 2013 M T W T F S S &laquo; Mar  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31  &copy; 2008-Present e-AutoParts.org | Sitemap Auto Parts 