 Beta Google &#8482; Custom Search Food Home Style Money Family Health more Computers & electronics Hobbies Lifestyle Science & education Money eHow UK &raquo; Money &raquo; Laws on buying and selling a used car Laws on buying and selling a used car Written by roger thorne  Various state and federal laws apply to used car sales. car and us flag image by Jose from Fotolia.com Car buyers face a range of options when considering a used car purchase. Dealers, private sellers and even Internet auto auctions can all be the source for a used car. However, the laws governing used car sales apply no matter who sells the car or how it is sold, though different laws apply to different situations. Other People Are Reading Used Car Dealers The Federal Trade Commission requires used car dealers, but not private sellers, to include a Buyer's Guide with every car offered for sale. These guides must include specific information such as the warranties offered, the percentage of repair costs covered by the warranty, if the car is being offered "as is," and state that oral promises are difficult to enforce. If the buyer and dealer negotiate terms, the Buyer's Guide must include those new terms, such as changes in warranty protections. If the Guide has conflicting information, such as an express warranty and an "as is" provision, the buyer receives whichever of the two is most beneficial to him. As Is Dealers who sell a used car "as is" are not offering any kind of warranty with the car. In those states with lemon laws, used car sales or cars sold "as is" are typically not included under the lemon law protections. However, some states such as Kansas, Maine, Maryland, and New Jersey prohibit "as is" sales for at least some types of used vehicles. For example, New Jersey requires that any car sold for more than £1,950, with less than 100,000 miles, that is less than eight years old and which has not been declared a total loss cannot be sold "as is" or without a warranty. Further, dealers and buyers can negotiate terms of the sale even on cars sold "as is," including such terms as no questions asked return policies and three-day return policies. Private Car Sales Private car sales--those cars sold by someone who is not a dealer and who is merely selling her own car--are subject to far fewer restrictions than dealer transactions. For example, private car sellers, according to the Federal Trade Commission, are under no duty to provide potential buyers with a Buyer's Guide. Private car deals are always "as is" sales unless the buyer and seller enter into a written contract or the car is still covered by manufacturer's warranties, though these may or may not be transferable between owners. More slideshows The Internet&#39;s 15 greatest hidden gems 16 Thoughts that make you undeniably British The disturbingly funny craze of pet shaming References Federal Citizen Information Center: Buying a Used Car Federal Trade Commission: A Dealer's Guide to the Used Car Rule State of New Jersey: New Jersey Motor Vehicle Lemon Law  Comments  Editors’ pick 15 Meaningless buzzwords every boss abuses You may also like… Social activity What your friends are reading  [if lt IE 9]><div class="ltie9"></div><![endif] Filter: All types Articles Slideshows Videos Sort: Most relevant Most popular Most recent No articles available No slideshows available No videos available Private Car Sale Laws Private Car Sale Laws Laws for selling used cars Washington State Used Car Sales Laws Questions to ask when buying a used car from a dealer Questions to ask when buying a used car from a dealer How to Sell a Used Car Do You Buy Car Insurance Before Buying a Used Car? Negotiating the Price When Buying a Car Negotiating the Price When Buying a Car Doing an Inspection When Considering Buying a Family Car How to Sell a Used Car as a Trade-In About Accident History When Considering Buying a Family Car About Accident History When Considering Buying a Family Car How to sell used car batteries How do I Buy a Used Car in Hong Kong? 10 tips for buying a used car 10 tips for buying a used car Car leasing laws Most Economical Small Used Cars Overview of Buying & Selling Books Online Overview of Buying & Selling Books Online How to Make Money Buying & Selling Cell Phones Buying & Selling Books Online: Copyright Dates How to sell a car to a family member How to sell a car to a family member How to Apply for a Used Car Sales License Selling Your Car for Scrap Advice How to Buy a Used Car in Switzerland How to Buy a Used Car in Switzerland How to haggle when buying a car Taking a Car It for a Test Drive When Looking to Buy a Family Car Making Money Buying & Selling Gemstones & Jewelry Online Making Money Buying & Selling Gemstones & Jewelry Online Copyright &copy; 1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. About us Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of use , c ookie policy ,and Privacy policy of eHow. Ad Choices en-GB  