   How To » Automotive Automotive  Buying &amp; Selling Maintenance &amp; Repair Options &amp; Accessories   Browse Automotive Auto Financing &amp; Insurance Buying &amp; Selling Leasing a Car Options &amp; Accessories Auto Insurance Car Loans Maintenance &amp; Repair Safety Auto Maintenance Driving &amp; Safety New Used Auto Repair Driving Tips   Having a car is one of the biggest material investments of your life. Depending on how you handle it, it’s also one of those assets that can either bring you a great deal of joy and satisfaction, or nuisance. Our car writers aim to help you make sure you get the former, not the latter. Browse through our extensive collection of auto coverage and do-it-yourself car maintenance tips. Looking for a great resource on driving and safety tips? Our experts will tell you all you need to know about the differences between driving an automatic or stick shift. Of course, you’ll need a driver’s license first – we’ll help you ace the test. We help you find car ratings, figure out your braking distance, and much more. Is your car or truck in need of repair and troubleshooting? Learn how to do common car repair work yourself – save a few bucks in the process! You can install a car battery yourself, for example, or charge one. You can change your car brake pads. Figure out how to get your windshield wipers to work better. Fix that flat tire. We provide step-by-step instructions for your convenience. Time to sell your car or buy another one? You can find detailed guidelines here. You’ll find all you need to know about buying and selling online or from car dealers (the art of negotiation), as well as test driving, financing and more. As a car owner, it’s in your best interest to find a sound insurance plan for your vehicle. Our experts discuss the benefits of auto coverage policy, why you need auto gap insurance, and how you can find the best rates and quotes for these plans. Cars and trucks can really offer a variety of projects and problems. Learn about how your car runs, how to drive it in different conditions, and how to maintain it. Spare yourself from extra expenses and be a car expert yourself. Find information on anything automotive here!  Popular Content  How To Charge a Car Battery and Jumpstart a Car How To Get a Motorcycle Permit Changing a Car Battery: Car Maintenance Tips How To Replace a Starter How To Get Auto Gap Coverage How To Get Full Coverage Auto Insurance Selling Cars on eBay—Tips for Selling a Used Car How To Repair Flat Tires: Car Repair How To Change Brake Pads How To Finance a Wheelchair Accessible Vehicle Take a Learner&#039;s Permit Practice Test: Get Driving Test Questions How To Remove Car Stereo Systems: Speakers and Wiring Harness How To Quickly Sell a Car How To Find Car Seat Safety Ratings Driving Stick Shift Cars: Techniques for Manual Transmissions How To Negotiate When Buying a Used Car How To Parallel Park: Driving Instructions How To Remove Cigarette Odor: Car &amp; Home Smoke Removal How To Make a Balloon Arch - Materials and Assembly   All Categories Automotive Business Careers Computers &amp; Internet Education Electronics Family &amp; Relationships Fashion &amp; Personal Care Finance &amp; Real Estate Food &amp; Drink Health &amp; Fitness Hobbies Holidays Home &amp; Garden Pets &amp; Animals Religion &amp; Spirituality Sports &amp; Recreation Travel Popular Searches How To Trace Cell Phone Numbers Free How to Buy Gold How To Find Grants for Single Mothers How To Convert VHS to DVD How To Take a Sitz Bath How To Add Microsoft Word Fonts How To Lose Weight in Your Face: 5 Tips How To Get Court Records How to Remove a Mole How To Treat Migraines Fall Asleep Easily  More How To Articles  How To Negotiate with Car Dealers How To Change Engine Oil How To Do a Torque Converter Pre-Fill How To Polish Yellowed Headlights How To Polish Aluminum on a Buffer Wheel How To Polish Aluminum Car Parts How To Polish a Leather Steering Wheel How To Spray Paint your Car Door How To Test a Car&#039;s Blower Motor How To Test the Thermostat in your Car to See if it is Operating Normally How To Replace the Alternator in a Chevy Camaro How To Replace Spark Plugs in a Chevy Silverado   About Contact Terms & Privacy  How To Do Things . Copyright Howtodothings.com © 2013, all rights reserved.  