  The ZIP code must be 5 digits. Dealers &amp; Inventory Find Mercedes-Benz Vehicles Shopping Tools Certified Pre-Owned AMG Owners Sedans C-Class Sedan Starting at $35,350* Explore Build Models C250 Sport Sedan C250 Luxury Sedan C300 4MATIC Sport C300 4MATIC Luxury C350 Sport Sedan C63 AMG Sedan E-Class Sedan Starting at $51,900* Explore Build Models E350 Sedan E400 HYBRID Sedan E550 4MATIC Sedan E63 AMG 4MATIC Sedan E63 AMG S 4MATIC Sedan S-Class Sedan Starting at $92,350* Explore Build Models S350 BlueTEC Sedan S400 HYBRID Sedan S550 Sedan S600 Sedan S63 AMG Sedan S65 AMG Sedan Coupes CLA-Class Coupe Starting at $29,900* Explore Build Models CLA250 Coupe C-Class Coupe Starting at $38,200* Explore Build Models C250 Coupe C350 Coupe C63 AMG Coupe E-Class Coupe Starting at $52,200* Explore Build Models E350 Coupe E550 Coupe CLS-Class Coupe Starting at $72,100* Explore Build Models CLS550 Coupe CLS63 AMG 4MATIC Coupe CLS63 AMG S 4MATIC Coupe CL-Class Coupe Starting at $115,300* Explore Build Models CL550 Coupe CL600 Coupe CL63 AMG Coupe CL65 AMG Coupe SLS-Class Coupe Starting at $201,500* Explore Build Models SLS AMG GT Coupe SUVs & Wagons GLK-Class SUV Starting at $37,480* Explore Build Models GLK250 BlueTEC SUV GLK350 SUV M-Class SUV Starting at $47,790* Explore Build Models ML350 SUV ML350 BlueTEC SUV ML550 SUV ML63 AMG SUV GL-Class SUV Starting at $63,000* Explore Build Models GL350 BlueTEC SUV GL450 4MATIC SUV GL550 4MATIC SUV GL63 AMG SUV G-Class SUV Starting at $113,000* Explore Build Models G550 SUV G63 AMG SUV E-Class Wagon Starting at $58,600* Explore Build Models E350 4MATIC Wagon E63 AMG S 4MATIC Wagon Convertibles & Roadsters E-Class Cabriolet Starting at $60,200* Explore Build Models E350 Cabriolet E550 Cabriolet SLK-Class Roadster Starting at $43,525* Explore Build Models SLK250 Roadster SLK350 Roadster SLK55 AMG Roadster SL-Class Roadster Starting at $105,500* Explore Build Models SL550 Roadster SL63 AMG Roadster SL65 AMG Roadster SLS-Class Roadster Starting at $208,000* Explore Build Models SLS AMG GT Roadster See All Vehicles Build Compare Special Offers Estimate a Payment Request a Quote Schedule a Test Drive SL-Class Roadster OVERVIEW DESIGN PERFORMANCE TECHNOLOGY GALLERY Models Build All SL-Class COMPARE  SL550 Roadster  $105,500 MSRP*  SL63 AMG Roadster  $145,800 MSRP*  SL65 AMG Roadster  $212,240 MSRP*  SL550 Roadster $105,500* MSRP INTERIOR EXTERIOR 360 360 Estimate Payment Apply for Credit Request a Quote Schedule a Test Drive  Engine 4.6L twin-turbo V-8 Horsepower 429 Acceleration 4.5 sec 0 to 60 Mars Red Black Magnetite Black Metallic Dolomite Brown Metallic Steel Grey Metallic Iridium Silver Metallic Palladium Silver Metallic Pearl Beige Metallic Lunar Blue Metallic Diamond White Metallic Matte-finish Shadow Grey Metallic BUILD THIS MODEL The SL-Class  Share Facebook Twitter Email Download The SL-Class Brochure SL550 Roadster Features Performance & Handling Design Safety Comfort & Convenience Audio & Entertainment Accessories Packages Specifications Warranty &amp; Services VIEW Standard features only Performance & Handling Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. 4.6-liter biturbo V-8 engine  The 429-hp 4.6-liter V-8 in the SL550 combines numerous advances and twin turbos to deliver 12% more power. Its 516 lb-ft torque peak offers 45% more thrust at just 2,000 rpm. New rapid-multispark ignition can fire up to four times per millisecond, while high-pressure Direct Injection can microscopically fine-tune fuel spray in just 0.1 milliseconds, reducing emissions, fuel consumption and noise. A lightweight diecast-alloy block, quicker and more widely variable valve timing, reduced friction, and clever "on-demand" ancillary components like the alternator further boost efficiency.    7-speed automatic transmission  The industry's first 7-speed automatic has been made even smoother, more responsive and more efficient. A wide range of closely spaced gear ratios delivers the ideal response in virtually every driving situation, for smooth cruising, quick acceleration, and thanks to two overdrive ratios, better highway fuel efficiency. Adaptive logic matches its shift points to your driving style, while three driving modes (ECO, Sport and Manual) can be selected to suit your mood. An advanced, intuitive electronic selector is crafted from aluminum with an embossed leather insert.    Paddle shifters  A pair of paddles strategically positioned behind the upper steering-wheel spokes allows you to manually upshift and downshift the 7-speed automatic transmission with just a flick of your fingers.   ECO Start/Stop system  A fuel-saving new ECO Start/Stop system automatically shuts off the engine at stoplights and other idle situations. As soon as the driver lifts off the brake, the engine instantly restarts, for immediate acceleration response. The ECO Start/Stop system can also be shut off by the driver at any time.    Semi-active suspension with Adaptive Damping System  The 4-wheel independent multilink suspension is key to the exceptional poise and control of the SL550. The 5-arm rear multilink design, a Mercedes-Benz innovation, controls rear-wheel movement with outstanding precision. For more nimble, precise and predictable handling, virtually all suspension components and their subframes are made of rigid, lightweight aluminum. The semi-active Adaptive Damping System continually adjusts to driving inputs and the road surface. Using a network of sensors, the system can respond at each wheel in just 10 milliseconds, to sharpen handling while the ride stays silky. Driver-selectable Comfort and Sport modes allow you tailor handling response and ride firmness to your present driving style.   Optional Active Body Control (ABC)  Arguably the most advanced suspension in production, ABC is a fully active suspension that ideally balances comfort and response in virtually every situation. A network of advanced sensors and electronically controlled hydraulics is designed to counteract the effects of roll, vibration, pitch, dive and squat when cornering, braking and accelerating. A driver-selectable Sport mode provides virtually flat cornering capability far beyond ordinary suspensions. Automatic 4-wheel level control gradually lowers the ride height as speeds increase, to improve aerodynamics and stability.    $4,090  Electromechanical steering with Direct-steer  Advanced, lightweight and highly efficient electromechanical power steering allows for more precise control of steering effort and feedback. Direct-steer automatically varies the steering ratio based on how far you turn the steering wheel. It provides quicker steering and lighter effort while parking while maintaining excellent directional stability and crisp feel at higher speeds.   Torque Vectoring Brake  Standard Torque Vectoring Brake technology provides additional control and precision in turns via targeted rear-wheel braking. If the vehicle's Electronic Stability Program (ESP®) detects understeer while cornering, the system applies the brake to the inside rear wheel, temporarily shifting torque distribution in favor of the outside wheel. This causes the vehicle to gently pivot in compensation, putting it on a line of travel, or vector, better suited to the turn.    Electronic Stability Program (ESP®)  This safety breakthrough first introduced by Mercedes-Benz continually monitors your driving inputs and the vehicle's motion to help keep it going in your intended direction, especially in corners and during evasive maneuvers. If it detects wheelspin, severe understeer (plowing), or oversteer (fishtailing), ESP can brake individual wheels and reduce engine power to help bring the vehicle under control.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer1-9 No system, regardless of how advanced, can overcome the laws of physics or correct careless driving. Please always wear your seat belt. Performance is limited by available traction, which snow, ice and other conditions can affect. Always drive carefully, consistent with conditions. Best performance in snow is obtained with winter tires.  Adaptive braking technology  Powerful 4-wheel disc brakes feature a number of advances. If you lift off the accelerator quickly, Predictive Brake Priming sets the pads closer to the discs for more immediate response when you apply the brakes. In the rain, Automatic Brake Drying periodically applies the brakes just enough to sweep water build-up from the discs. During uphill starts, Hill-Start Assist helps prevent unwanted rollback. And a HOLD feature can make long red lights or stopped traffic a little easier.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer1-10 Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions.  Antilock Braking System (ABS)  The Antilock Braking System (ABS) senses impending wheel lockup under heavy braking and pumps the front brakes individually or the rear brakes together. This intelligent system can pump the brakes as needed up to 30 times per second, to prevent lockup and preserve the driver's steering ability.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer1-11 Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions.  Perforated front brake discs with 4-piston calipers  Perforated and internally ventilated front brake discs help to better dissipate the hot gases generated during hard or repeated braking, helping resist brake fade in order to maintain maximum braking performance. The perforations are cast in place when the rotor is made, to prevent the creation of stress points that can occur during conventional cross-drilling. For more even and powerful braking force, the front discs feature large 4-piston calipers.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer1-12 Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions. Optional Sport brake system  The 19-inch AMG wheels of the Sport Wheel Package reveal upgraded brake hardware that includes perforated rear discs and "Mercedes-Benz" lettering on the front and rear calipers.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer1-13 Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions.  Available in   Sport Wheel Package  Back to Top Design Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. Iconic roadster style  As gifted aesthetically as it is athletically, the new SL draws an unmistakable line from history to the future. From the upright grille with its central Star, the powerful contours of the long hood sweep past the cockpit into the an aggressively contoured tail. Advanced aerodynamics and LED lighting harmonize with timeless elegance of chrome-accented vents in the hood and fenders. And with its signature retractable hardtop, it's perfectly proportioned as both a sleek closed coupe or classic open roadster.    Sport lower body styling  Aggressively styled lower bodywork includes a deep front air dam with mesh intakes, along with aerodynamic sculpting of the side sills and rear valance.    Power retractable hardtop  Transform your SL from closed coupe to open roadster in about 16 seconds, the quickest in its class and perhaps the entire industry. With a single button on the console, the hardtop folds into the trunk. The rear window pivots 180 degrees as the top lowers to help preserve cargo space with the top stowed.    Panorama roof  The Panorama roof opens up a whole new look, inside and out. Occupants enjoy an expansive view of the sky through a heat-reflecting transparent panel. A manual mesh sunshade helps limit the amount of sunlight entering the cabin.   Optional MAGIC SKY CONTROL  A Mercedes-Benz exclusive, this innovative evolution of the Panorama roof concept alters the transparency of the roof when electrical current is applied. At its darkest setting, the thermal energy entering the cabin is less than a household light bulb. And even in its fully transparent mode, both UV and infrared rays are effectively blocked, helping keep the cabin cooler.    $2,500  Intimate, innovative cockpit  Lavished in supple leather, hand-polished wood and a bounty of user-friendly technology, the SL550 cabin keeps its two occupants feeling coddled, connected and captivated. Classic round air vents and advanced controls and displays reflect two longstanding SL traditions: timeless style and ahead-of-its-time technology.    18-inch twin 5-spoke alloy wheels  Staggered-width alloy wheels and tires are wider at the rear for greater launch grip, and narrower up front for crisper steering feedback. The SL550's standard 18-inch wheels feature an alluring twin 5-spoke design with a bright silver finish, and they're fitted with high-performance tires.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer2-7 Lower aspect ratio tires and accompanying wheels provide substantially increased treadwear, increased tire noise and reduced ride comfort. Serious wheel and tire damage may occur if the vehicle is operated on rough or damaged road surfaces or upon encountering road debris or obstacles. These tires are not designed for use on snow and ice. Winter tires mounted on appropriately sized and approved wheels are recommended for driving in those conditions. Optional 19-inch twin 5-spoke alloy wheels  Available 19-inch wheels feature five pairs of spokes with raised ribs and a subtly asymmetrical design. The staggered-width alloy wheels and high-performance tires are wider at the rear for greater launch grip, and narrower up front for crisper steering feedback.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer2-8 Lower aspect ratio tires and accompanying wheels provide substantially increased treadwear, increased tire noise and reduced ride comfort. Serious wheel and tire damage may occur if the vehicle is operated on rough or damaged road surfaces or upon encountering road debris or obstacles. These tires are not designed for use on snow and ice. Winter tires mounted on appropriately sized and approved wheels are recommended for driving in those conditions.  $500  Optional 19-inch AMG 5-spoke alloy wheels  Legendary AMG 5-spoke wheels feature five thin, tapered spokes that reveal the SL's impressive brake hardware. The staggered-width 19-inch alloy wheels and high-performance tires are wider at the rear for greater launch grip, and narrower up front for crisper steering feedback.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer2-9 Lower aspect ratio tires and accompanying wheels provide substantially increased treadwear, increased tire noise and reduced ride comfort. Serious wheel and tire damage may occur if the vehicle is operated on rough or damaged road surfaces or upon encountering road debris or obstacles. These tires are not designed for use on snow and ice. Winter tires mounted on appropriately sized and approved wheels are recommended for driving in those conditions.  Available in   Sport Wheel Package Optional Wood/leather steering wheel  Put a classic touch of luxury in your hands with a steering wheel accented with Burl Walnut or Black Ash wood to match the interior of your SL, and trimmed in supple Premium leather.    $590  Multifunction 3-spoke steering wheel  For maximum driving pleasure, the sport steering wheel features a grippy Premium leather-wrapped rim with raised thumbgrips at the ideal "10 and 2 o'clock" positions and a racing-inspired flat-bottom design. For fingertip access to some of the vehicle functions you use most often, convenient buttons on the wheel let you control the audio volume and selection, send and end calls on your Bluetooth-enabled phone, and scroll through the features of the multifunction display in the instrument cluster.   Optional Sport steering wheel  Perforated side grips and Silver-painted shift paddles reveal the racing inspiration of the steering wheel in the Sport Wheel Package.    Available in   Sport Wheel Package Optional Dashtop analog clock  A precise timepiece with timeless appeal, the optional analog clock is situated atop the finely stitched dashboard beneath its own sporty, arched hood.    $250  Bi-Xenon headlamps with Active Curve Illumination  Bi-Xenon headlamps help deliver greater visibility than halogen headlamps because their brighter, whiter light is much closer to natural daylight. Active Curve Illumination helps you see better into corners at night, swiveling the headlamps as you steer to increase usable illumination by up to 90% over conventional fixed headlamps.   Optional Sun-reflecting Premium leather upholstery  Soft, smooth Premium leather is hand-fitted to the seats, armrests and console. Contrasting piping and double-stitched seams add a classically elegant detail. An innovative treatment also helps the leather fend off heat and the ravages of sun exposure.    $900  Burl Walnut wood trim  Hand-polished Burl Walnut wood trim graces the console, dash and doors with its intricate grain, lending the SL550 cockpit a further air of refinement and exclusivity.    Black Ash wood trim  Hand-polished Black Ash wood trim adorns the console, dash and doors with its deep, dark grain, adding a dramatically modern aura to the SL550 cockpit.   Optional Illuminated door sills  Available brushed aluminum door sill inserts welcome you into the SL's cockpit with backlit logos.    $350  Back to Top Safety Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. 8-way air bag protection  The SL's sophisticated restraint system includes front air bags with dual deployment thresholds, as well as new head air bags, plus thorax side-impact air bags and knee bags for both driver and passenger.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-1 WARNING: THE FORCES OF A DEPLOYING AIR BAG CAN CAUSE SERIOUS OR FATAL INJURIES TO A CHILD UNDER AGE 13. SEE OPERATOR'S MANUAL FOR ADDITIONAL WARNINGS AND INFORMATION ON AIR BAGS, SEAT BELTS AND CHILD SEATS.  NECK-PRO active head restraints  In the case of a rear impact exceeding a preset threshold, NECK-PRO head restraints move forward and slightly upward, reducing the distance between the head restraints and the heads of front-seat occupants. This action helps to reduce the possibility or severity of whiplash-type neck injuries.    PRE-SAFE®  Another Mercedes-Benz safety breakthrough, PRE-SAFE® is a predictive occupant-protection system that helps prepare for an accident in the critical moments before it occurs. If sensors detect certain vehicle movements that indicate that an accident is possible, PRE-SAFE takes action: Reversible electronic tensioners tighten the seat belts. The occupied passenger seat adjusts to a more favorable position for air-bag and seat-belt effectiveness, while both active head restraints adjust for optimum protection. If severe skidding indicates that a rollover is likely, PRE-SAFE closes the side windows. If no accident occurs, the seat-belt tensioners reverse, and you simply readjust your seat, open the windows and continue on your way.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-3 PRE-SAFE closes the side windows when the system's sensors detect side movements that suggest a possible rollover. A small gap is left near the fully closed position.  Aluminum body structure  Engineered from road to roof not just as a convertible but as a genuine Mercedes-Benz, the SL-Class body structure enhances both its occupant protection and its precise handling. Composed vitually entirely from stamped, cast, chilled-cast, thermoformed and extruded aluminum, the body shell is nearly 300 lbs lighter than before yet is 20% higher in torsional rigidity. The only structural steel in the body comprises the windshield frame, and features high-strength "tube-in-tube" pillars for robust support with minimal vision obstruction.    Pop-up roll bars  In 1989, Mercedes-Benz pioneered the pop-up roll bar, a significant advancement in convertible safety. When sensors detect an impending rollover, the dual roll bars of the new SL deploy in just 0.3 seconds to help preserve and protect occupant space.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-5 The roll bar system is designed to enhance the level of rollover protection compared to a vehicle without one. No system, regardless of how advanced, can eliminate the chance of injury in an accident. Please always wear your seat belt. 3-point seat belts with Emergency Tensioning Devices (ETDs)  Equipped with Emergency Tensioning Devices (ETDs) and belt force limiters, 3-point seat belts are arguably our most important passive safety feature. If a collision exceeds a preset threshold, the ETDs instantly remove slack from the seat belts. Belt force limiters allow a slight amount of give in the seat belts and reduce the peak seat-belt forces on the occupant.   ATTENTION ASSIST  The first system of its kind, ATTENTION ASSIST continuously monitors different parameters of driving behavior, and can automatically alert the driver with both visual and audible warnings if it detects signs of drowsiness on long trips.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-7 Driving while drowsy or distracted is dangerous and must be avoided. ATTENTION ASSIST may be insufficient to alert a fatigued or distracted driver of lane drift and cannot be relied on to avoid an accident or serious injury. Optional DISTRONIC PLUS (with PRE-SAFE Brake)  This advanced, radar-based cruise control monitors the vehicle ahead and adjusts your speed to help maintain a chosen following distance. It can even bring the car to a halt if it senses stopped traffic, then resume automatically. Should the car ahead slow or stop suddenly, the PRE-SAFE Brake system can automatically engage up to 40% of available braking power and issue an audiovisual alarm. If you still haven't applied the brakes within 0.6 seconds of a calculated impact, it automatically engages 100% braking power.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-8 DISTRONIC adaptive cruise control is no substitute for active driving involvement. It does not react to stationary objects, nor recognize or predict the curvature and lane layout of the road or the movement of the vehicles ahead. It is the driver's responsibility at all times to be attentive to traffic and road conditions, and to provide the steering, braking and other driving inputs necessary to retain control of the vehicle. After braking the car for stopped traffic ahead, the system resumes automatically only if traffic pauses for less than 3 seconds. Drivers are cautioned not to wait for the DISTRONIC Proximity Warning System before braking, as that may not afford sufficient time and distance to brake safely. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions.  Available in   Driver Assistance Package Optional Active Blind Spot Assist  At speeds above approximately 20 mph, this system can alert the driver to some unseen vehicles in the next lane. If radar sensors in the rear bumper detect a vehicle in the "blind spot" area to either side, an indicator lights up in the appropriate side mirror. If you activate a turn signal while a vehicle is detected, a warning sounds. And if you disregard the alerts and begin changing lanes, advanced active technology can apply the brake to a single rear wheel, to help guide the car back into its lane.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-9 Blind Spot Assist may not be sufficient to avoid all accidents involving vehicles in your blind spot and does not estimate the speed of approaching vehicles. It should not be used as a sole substitute for driver awareness and checking of surrounding traffic conditions.  Available in   Driver Assistance Package Optional Active Lane Keeping Assist  With technology that monitors ordinary road markings, Lane Keeping Assist helps detect unintended drifting off-course, and alerts the driver by vibrating the steering wheel. If the driver continues to drift, it can apply the brake to a single rear wheel to help guide the car back into its lane.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-10 Driving while drowsy or distracted is dangerous and must be avoided. Lane Keeping Assist may be insufficient to detect a fatigued or distracted driver or driver inattention. It cannot be relied on to avoid an accident or serious injury.  Available in   Driver Assistance Package Optional PARKTRONIC with Active Parking Assist  Active Parking Assist helps you size up parallel-parking spaces as you drive by, using sensors in the bumper to determine if available spots can accommodate your vehicle. Then, while you control the brakes and gear selection, the system automatically and expertly steers the car into the space. A new feature helps you exit the space as well. In any low-speed maneuver, PARKTRONIC's ultrasonic sensors in the front and rear bumpers detect nearby objects within the system's field of view. Audible signals and illuminated displays in the cabin help you navigate tight spaces with confidence.    Available in   Premium 1 Package Optional Rear view camera  This innovative driver-assistance feature helps you to see directly behind your vehicle when reversing. Shift into Reverse, and a wide-angle camera mounted in the rear displays a live view of what's behind the vehicle on the COMAND screen in the dashboard. Active parking guidelines on the screen help you back into a parking space.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-12 Rear view camera does not audibly notify driver of nearby objects and is not a substitute for actively checking around the vehicle for any obstacles or people. Images displayed may be limited to camera field of view, weather, lighting conditions and the presence of dirt, ice or snow on the camera.  Available in   Premium 1 Package  Adaptive braking technology  The SL's powerful 4-wheel disc brakes feature a number of advances. If you lift off the accelerator quickly, Predictive Brake Priming sets the pads closer to the discs for more immediate response when you apply the brakes. In the rain, Automatic Brake Drying notes when the wipers are switched on, and periodically applies the brakes just enough to sweep water build-up from the discs.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-13 Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions.  Antilock Braking System (ABS)  Enjoy the strong, controlled stopping power of dual-circuit power-assisted 4-wheel disc brakes, backed by an Antilock Braking System (ABS). ABS senses impending wheel lockup under heavy braking and pumps the front brakes individually or the rear brakes together. This intelligent system can pump the brakes as needed up to 30 times per second, to prevent lockup and preserve the driver's steering ability.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-14 Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions.  Bi-Xenon headlamps with Active Curve Illumination  Bi-Xenon headlamps help deliver greater visibility than halogen headlamps because their brighter, whiter light is much closer to natural daylight. Active Curve Illumination helps you see better into corners at night, swiveling the headlamps as you steer to increase usable illumination by up to 90% over conventional fixed headlamps.    Adaptive Highbeam Assist  Engineered to maximize road illumination without creating glare for other drivers. Adaptive Highbeam Assist uses continuous input from a camera to automatically vary the range of your high-beam headlamps, based on the distance to oncoming vehicles and to those ahead of you.    Corner-illuminating front lamps  To help you negotiate tight turns, corner-illuminating front lamps shine toward the inside of the turn. Activated by turning the steering wheel or using the turn signals at low speeds, they're particularly useful in parking structures, suburban neighborhoods or when turning into driveways.   LED Daytime Running Lamps and taillamps  Bright white LED Daytime Running Lamps help increase the visibility of your vehicle to oncoming traffic by illuminating front lights whenever the car is switched on. With long life and low energy consumption, the light-emitting diode (LED) lamps also add a distinctive high-tech styling touch. LED technology also delivers quicker illumination of the brake lamps. By offering drivers behind you more time to react, their stopping distance may be reduced by several feet, which could make a critical difference in a panic stop.    Advanced Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)  The Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) can automatically detect a substantial loss of tire pressure in any wheel and alert the driver via a warning message in the multifunction display. The advanced TPMS can also display the numeric tire pressure for each mounted wheel.    SmartKey  The SmartKey remote control integrates remote door locks and trunk opener, a removable valet key, and a remote panic alarm. You may selectively unlock only the driver's door and fuel filler, or both doors plus the trunk and fuel filler. And for added convenience when parking with the top down, the glovebox and console compartments automatically lock when you remote-lock the car.    Mercedes-Benz mbrace2™  From your car, your computer or your compatible smartphone, mbrace2™ offers the industry's most comprehensive range of features for more connected, safe and productive drive time. From making your everyday life easier to helping out in an emergency, mbrace2 combines advanced cloud-based and GPS technology with 24-hour support from helpful experts. The mbrace hardware is standard, and a trial period for each of the three mbrace Packages is included.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer3-21 All Mercedes-Benz mbrace® services operate only where cellular and Global Positioning Satellite signals are available, which are provided by third parties and not within the control of Mercedes-Benz USA, LLC. An mbrace Package trial period is offered on new, Certified Pre-Owned and pre-owned sales and leases at an authorized Mercedes-Benz dealer. Subscriber Agreement is required for service to be active. Some services are only available on select vehicles. Your PIN is required in order to use certain services. Some services may be limited or restricted in some areas. Driver is responsible for complying with traffic and other laws. See your dealer or MBUSA.com/mbrace for details. mbrace is compatible with select Apple iPhone® models running iOS 4.2 or later, and Android-based phones running OS 2.1 or later. Roadside Assistance repairs may involve charges for parts, service and towing. Vehicle must be accessible from main roads. Depending on the circumstance, these services may be provided by an outside provider, courtesy of Mercedes-Benz Roadside Assistance. Restricted roadways, acts of nature and vehicle accessibility may limit our ability to provide services to you. For full details, eligibility requirements, and limitations/exclusions of Sign and Drive services, as well as the Roadside Assistance Program, please see your dealer.  Antitheft alarm system with remote panic feature  The standard antitheft alarm system is armed automatically when you lock your Mercedes from the outside. It sounds the horn and flashes the exterior lights if a door, the trunk or the hood is opened without first unlocking the vehicle. You can also sound the alarm by pressing the red "panic" button on your SmartKey remote when you're within range of your vehicle.    Rain-sensing windshield wipers  Rain-sensing windshield wipers automatically adjust the intermittent wiper frequency based on the amount of rainfall.   MAGIC VISION CONTROL  An innovation in visibility especially suited to a roadster, MAGIC VISION CONTROL features wiper blades with laser cut holes that generates an extremely precise spray of washer fluid directly in front of the moving wipers. The system eliminates the briefly vision-obscuring spray across the full windshield, and minimizes the overspray and runoff that can reach the passengers during top-down driving. And since the washer fluid reservoir, lines and even the wiper blades are heated, it's also extremely effective in cold weather.    Back to Top Comfort & Convenience Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. 12-way power seats with memory  Intuitive, seat-shaped controls help you and your passenger find your ideal seating positions with 12-way power adjustment, including cushion length, plus 4-way power lumbar support. A memory system for each seat recalls three stored seat positions with the touch of a button. The driver-seat memory also includes the power steering column and side mirror positions.    Heated seats  Electrically heated seats quickly take the chill out of even the coldest day. Three levels of warming automatically step down after several minutes to the lowest setting.    Dual-zone climate control  Separate left and right temperature controls allow the driver and passenger to enjoy personalized comfort. In addition to fully automatic or manual control of blower speed and airflow distribution, the system includes sun and humidity sensors, a dust/pollen filter, and an activated charcoal filter that automatically recirculates cabin air upon detecting a significant increase in smog. It also automatically adjusts to whether the retractable hardtop is open or closed.   Optional Active multicontour seats with massage feature  Active multicontour seats feature adjustable lumbar supports, side bolsters and shoulder supports, for custom-tailored support. A massage feature helps prevent fatigue on longer drives, and offers settings ranging from gentle to more vigorous. Active side bolsters can be set to automatically increase lateral support in cornering maneuvers, or even in the event of a potential accident.    Available in   Premium 1 Package Optional Heated and Active Ventilated seats  Heated and Active Ventilated seats are a luxury you'll soon consider a necessity. Three levels of heating and cooling ventilation are offered. By gently circulating air through perforations in the seat and backrest, Active Ventilated seats help keep you cooler and your clothes dryer during warmer months. On cold or damp days, using both the ventilation and heating features together can circulate the seat heating more quickly, to help keep you warm and dry.    Available in   Premium 1 Package  Sun-reflecting leather upholstery  Supple, richly grained leather is hand-fitted to all seating surfaces. Contrasting double-stitched seams add to its sporty style. An innovative treatment also helps the leather fend off heat and the ravages of sun exposure.   Optional AIRSCARF  Extend your top-down driving enjoyment further into a cool evening or later into the season with the AIRSCARF neck-level heating system. Vents beneath each head restraint deliver warmed airflow to your neck, head and shoulders, like a virtual scarf. With individual 3-stage temperature controls and airflow automatically adjusted to your driving speed, AIRSCARF means you don't have to put the top up just because the sun, or thermometer, has gone down.    Available in   Premium 1 Package  Power windblocker  At the touch of a button, a mesh screen rises from the rear cabin wall, helping to calm drafts and buffeting in the cabin for more comfortable and quiet top-down motoring. When not needed, it retracts elegantly into the rear cabin wall, out of sight and without taking up trunk space.   Optional KEYLESS-GO  A leap in ease and efficiency pioneered by Mercedes-Benz, KEYLESS-GO lets you unlock, start and drive away without removing the SmartKey from your pocket or purse. You can lock and unlock the doors with a touch of the exterior handles, and start the engine by stepping on the brake pedal and pushing the Start/Stop button on the dash. You can also start the vehicle in the conventional way by removing the Start/Stop button and inserting the SmartKey into the ignition.    Available in   Premium 1 Package  Auto-dimming rear view and driver-side mirrors  As sensors on the inside mirror detect the headlights of vehicles behind you, both the inside and driver-side mirrors gradually darken to reduce reflected glare. To help maintain your rear vision, dimming is automatically cancelled when you shift to Reverse or if an interior light is switched on.   Optional Soft-close doors  Automatic assist mechanisms quietly and graciously finish closing either door for you or your passenger. Just bring the door to its latch, and the closing assist gently snugs it to its fully closed position.    $450  Illuminated entry system  Program your Mercedes-Benz to illuminate its exterior lights when you unlock it in darkness, to help illuminate a path to your vehicle.   Optional Electronic trunk closer with HANDS-FREE ACCESS  For added convenience in the rain or with an armful of packages, you can fully open the trunk via a switch on the driver's interior door panel or a button on the SmartKey remote. Press a button on the driver's door or the underside of the trunk lid and it powers itself closed. A sensor automatically stops the lid if it detects an obstruction. A new, even easier feature, HANDS-FREE ACCESS, opens or closes the trunk with a wave of your foot under the rear bumper.    Available in   Premium 1 Package  HomeLink™ garage door opener  Three buttons on the rear view mirror can be programmed to operate many types of garage door openers, security gates and other HomeLink-compatible features.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer4-14 HomeLink and the HomeLink house icon are registered trademarks of Johnson Controls. Watch it in use Easy-pack system  For convenient loading and unloading of the luggage when the hardtop is retracted, the Easy-pack system tilts the folded roof up when you press a button inside the trunk. With the optional HANDS-FREE ACCESS, it tilts up automatically when the trunk opens.    HOLD Function  Whether you're stuck traversing hills or merely waiting in traffic, the Mercedes-Benz HOLD Function keeps your vehicle stationary without requiring any interaction with the brake pedal. Much like conventional cruise control, the HOLD function cleverly integrates into your natural interaction with the brake pedal, activating when you press beyond the brake pedal's range, and deactivating with a simple press of the accelerator.   Watch it in use Back to Top Audio & Entertainment Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. COMAND system with central controller  Featuring a high-resolution color-LCD display and a central controller on the console, the Cockpit Management and Data (COMAND) system gives you convenient control of audio, video, hands-free calling and navigation functions. Many features can also be accessed via the integrated steering-wheel controls.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-1 While the navigation system provides directional assistance, the driver must remain focused on safe driving behavior, including paying attention to traffic and street signs. The driver should utilize the system´s audio cues while driving and should only consult the map or visual displays once the vehicle has been stopped in a safe place. Maps do not cover all areas or all routes within an area. Watch it in use 80GB hard-drive navigation  Using GPS technology and a 80GB hard drive to store maps, points of interest, and Zagat® Survey ratings for restaurants, hotels and golf courses, this virtual copilot provides detailed driving directions with remarkable speed and a friendly voice. The COMAND system's large color-LCD screen also displays gas stations, ATMs and Mercedes-Benz dealerships along your route within the contiguous U.S., Canada and Oahu, Hawaii, with periodic updates available at your authorized Mercedes-Benz dealer.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-2 While the navigation system provides directional assistance, the driver must remain focused on safe driving behavior, including paying attention to traffic and street signs. The driver should utilize the system´s audio cues while driving and should only consult the map or visual displays once the vehicle has been stopped in a safe place. Maps do not cover all areas or all routes within an area.  6-DVD/CD changer  A single-slot system, the in-dash 6-disc changer plays audio CDs and DVDs. You can even watch a DVD movie while the vehicle is in Park.    SiriusXM Radio with SiriusXM Traffic and Weather  SiriusXM Radio offers 150+ channels of premium digital entertainment, from news, talk and sports to commercial-free music from every genre. Enjoy live broadcasts of the biggest NFL®, NCAA®, NHL® and NBA® teams, plus 150+ college sports teams. While you listen, SiriusXM Traffic keeps you up to date on accidents, construction and road closures, and even helps the navigation system find the fastest route based on real-time traffic. And SiriusXM Weather delivers detailed, graphical weather reports and forecasts. A 6-month trial of the Sirius All Access package is included.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-4 The purchase or lease of a new, satellite radio-enabled Mercedes-Benz includes a 6-month trial of the Sirius All Access package, and 6 months of SiriusXM Traffic service. Check with your wireless provider about data usage while using SiriusXM Internet Radio and SiriusXM Weather on a mobile device. If you decide to continue your SiriusXM service at the end of this period, all SiriusXM services are sold separately, and the plan you choose will automatically renew and bill at then-current rates until you call 1-866-635-2349 to cancel. See SiriusXM Customer Agreement for complete terms, www.siriusxm.com . Sirius U.S. Satellite service available only to those at least 18 years of age in the 48 contiguous United States, DC and Puerto Rico (with coverage limitations). Sirius, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. © 2010 NFL Properties LLC. Team names/logos/indicia are trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. NASCAR® is a registered trademark of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks of the National Hockey League. © NHL 2010. All rights reserved. All other marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. SiriusXM Traffic and Weather services are available in select markets, and require an active SiriusXM subscription and hardware. Six months of service are included with new-vehicle purchase or lease. If you decide to continue your service at the end of this period, all SiriusXM services are sold separately. SiriusXM Traffic covers the primary highways in several US major metropolitan areas, with added local information in some markets. Accurate incident information is dependent on locating, verifying and reporting the incident as soon as the incident occurs. Incident information is dependent on various third-party sources and may be delayed.  harman/kardon LOGIC7® sound system with Dolby Digital 5.1  Specifically engineered for the SL-Class, this premium digital sound system fills the cabin with 600 watts of beautifully balanced audio. No fewer than 12 strategically placed speakers plus two subwoofers deliver a wholly immersive listening experience through Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound technology. Digital Dynamic Volume Control impeccably and imperceptibly maintains the sound spectrum for consistent listening pleasure in varying driving conditions.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-5 harman/kardon and LOGIC7 are registered trademarks of Harman International Industries, Inc. Dolby is a registered trademark of Dolby Laboratories, Inc. All rights reserved.  FrontBass® system  A leap forward in open-roadster audio quality, FrontBass takes advantage of the SL's innovative aluminum bodyshell by utilizing the rigid front frame members as resonance chambers for twin under-dash subwoofers. In addition to providing rich, precise bass regardless of the hardtop's position, the design saves weight and frees up space in the cabin and doors.   Optional Bang & Olufsen® BeoSound™ premium sound system  A true audiophile-quality system, its 12 high-performance speakers and two acoustic lenses deliver 900 total watts from two amplifiers — a compact 500-watt ICEpower unit and a 400-watt digital processor that converts stereo and Dolby Digital 5.1 audio into 7.1-channel surround sound. Reproduction quality is exceptional at every seating position, yet very little sound, even the powerful bass, is audible outside the car with the top up. Even when not in use, the system elevates the cabin's aesthetics with its signature aluminum speaker grilles and dash-mounted tweeters.    $6,400  MP3 Media Interface  The MP3 Media Interface turns your Mercedes-Benz into an extension of your iPod or compatible electronic device. Browse, select and play your musical accompaniment of choice using steering-wheel, COMAND-system or stereo controls.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-8 All iPod® devices are sold separately. Feature not compatible with iPod Shuffle and Apple 8-PIN "Lightning" connector. See dealer for details. iPod is a registered trademark of Apple Inc.  HD Radio™ receiver  Delivering remarkably clear audio that gives AM stations the crispness of FM radio, and FM stations CD-grade sound, HD Radio® also offers a larger bandwidth that can actually increase the number of stations available to you.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-9 HD Radio is a proprietary trademark of iBiquity Digital Corporation.  10GB Music Register  Music Register allows you to store up to 10GB of your own digital music on the in-dash hard drive. It lets you copy songs from your CDs and DVDs and save them to your vehicle's audio system, so you can listen to them anytime and anywhere you drive.    Hands-free Bluetooth interface with Enhanced Voice Control  Place or answer calls and access select phonebooks hands-free with standard Bluetooth connectivity. When your compatible phone is synched with the vehicle, you can enjoy hands-free conversations over the audio system. Enhanced Voice Control lets you control the phone, audio and navigation by saying city names and your phonebook contacts normally, with no need to spell them out. It even screens out "ums" and "ahs" and understands "yeah" for "yes." Visit http://www.mercedes-benz-mobile.com/us/en/ to learn more.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer5-11 Bluetooth® interface does not provide phone charging or external antenna. Voice interactivity feature is dependent on selected handset. Phone sold separately. See dealer for a list of approved compatible phones. Bluetooth is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc.  Back to Top Accessories Expand All Collapse All Actual prices vary by dealer and do not include labor, installation charges or local taxes. Please see your dealer for final pricing. There are only Optional features available for this category. Accessory 18-inch 15-spoke wheels  Finish: Vanadium Silver metallic Wheel size: 8.5 J x 18 ET 35.5 Fits tire size: 255/40 R18 A231 401 0602 7X45 Option for rear axle: Wheel size: 9.5 J x 18 ET 47.5c Fits tire size: 285/35 R18 A231 401 0702 7X45   (Disclaimer) disclaimer6-1 Price includes set of 4 wheels.  $1,900  Accessory License plate frame  Choose from several quality stainless steel designs in an assortment of durable finishes to enhance the appearance of your license plates without blocking registration tags. Design styles include: Mercedes-Benz frame, Slimline frame, AMG Logo frame, and Star Marque solid plate (each sold separately).    $60  Accessory Trunk handle  Made of stainless steel in polished or satin finish, this handle attaches via the license plate screws to help prevent fingerprints and scratches on the finish of your Mercedes-Benz. Also available with elegant laser-etching of the Mercedes-Benz name.    $24  Accessory All-season floor mats  Precisely contoured to fit the footwells of your SL-Class, each rubber mat´s honeycomb texture helps to keep water, mud and melting snow away from your carpets. They´re easy to remove and clean, and are available as a set of two in Black only.    $90  Accessory Cargo area tray  Help protect the floor of your trunk with this durable, easy-to-clean plastic insert, custom-formed to fit the SL trunk and featuring 2" sides.    $130  Accessory UVS-100 sunshade  Think of it as SPF 100 for your dashboard. Helps prevent sun damage to the interior while keeping the inside cooler. Practical and durable, it's made of reflective fabric laminated to a foam core.    $80  Accessory Car cover  This UV-resistant three-layer cover helps protect the finish of your SL-Class from the elements. Made from breathable Noah® fabric, it combines an excellent fit with durable construction. Lock and cable available separately.   (Disclaimer) disclaimer6-7 See your dealer for detailed information.  $250  Accessory Battery trickle charger  For those extended periods when your SL-Class will not be used, this charging device will help ensure that your battery is fully energized when you need it.    $150  EXPLORE ALL ACCESSORIES FOR THE SL550 ROADSTER Back to Top Packages Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. Optional Premium 1 Package Rear view camera PARKTRONIC with Active Parking Assist Active Ventilated seats AIRSCARF neck-level heating system Active multicontour seats Electronic trunk closer with HANDS-FREE ACCESS KEYLESS-GO $4,900   Optional Driver Assistance Package DISTRONIC PLUS Active Blind Spot Assist Active Lane Keeping Assist $2,950   Optional Sport Wheel Package 19-inch AMG 5-spoke wheels Larger front brakes with "Mercedes-Benz" logos on calipers Perforated rear brake discs Sport steering wheel $2,000   Optional mbrace&#174; Package (billed yearly, 6-month trial included)** $280/yr (after trial)  mbrace Mobile Application for iPhone or Android Automatic Collision Notification SOS/Emergency Call Roadside Assistance Connection Stolen Vehicle Location Assistance Automatic Alarm Notification Crisis Assist Safe Ride Valet Protect (via Mobile App) Send2Benz™ Route2Benz Drive2Friend™ Remote Door Lock Remote Door Unlock Vehicle Finder (via Mobile App) Remote Horn and Lights (via Mobile App) Dealer Connect Vehicle Information $280   Optional mbrace&#174; PLUS (billed monthly, 3-month trial included)** $20/mo (after trial)  Mercedes-Benz Concierge Point of Interest Destination Download Route Assistance Location-based Traffic Location-based Weather Driving Journal Travel Zones Speed Alert $20   Optional Mercedes-Benz Apps (billed monthly, 3-month trial included)** $14/mo (after trial)  Internet Browse Google™ Local Search with Street View and Panoramio Yelp™ Facebook Destination/Route Download News $14  Back to Top  Specifications Expand All Collapse All There are only Optional features available for this category. Key Features The 2013 SL550 Roadster MSRP $105,500* Passenger capacity 2 Trunk Capacity 13.5 cu ft Transmission type 7-speed automatic with ECO-Start/Stop Engine 4.6L biturbo V-8 Power 429 hp @ 5,250 rpm Acceleration, 0-60 mph 4.5 sec (est) City fuel economy 16 mpg Highway fuel economy 24 mpg Exterior Dimensions Overall height 51.8 in Overall width 73.9 in Wheelbase 101.8 in Coefficient of drag 0.29 Curb weight 3,935 lbs est Interior Dimensions Headroom 39.1 in Hip Room 53.6 in Shoulder room 55.5 in Trunk capacity 13.5 cu ft top up 8.5 cu ft top down Engine, Drivetrain, and Performance Engine Net power 429 hp @ 5,250 rpm Net torque 516 lb-ft &#160;@ 1,800-3,500 rpm Compression ratio 10.5:1 Construction Diecast alloy block and heads Fuel requirement Premium unleaded Fuel capacity 19.8 gal Fuel economy City fuel economy 16 mpg Highway estimate 24 mpg Emission certification Bin5/ULEV Drivetrain Transmission Driver-adaptive 7-speed automatic with electronic shifter, steering-wheel mounted paddle shifters, driver-selectable ECO, Sport and Manual modes, and fuel-saving ECO-Start/Stop system Drive configuration Rear-wheel drive Final drive ratio 2.65 : 1 Performance Acceleration, 0-60 mph 4.5 sec (est) Chassis and Traction Control/Stability Systems Chassis Front suspension 4-arm multilink with Adaptive Damping System and driver-selectable Sport and Comfort modes Rear suspension 5-arm multilink with Adaptive Damping System and driver-selectable Sport and Comfort modes Steering type Rack-and-pinion with electromechanical power assist and Direct-steer Turning circle 36.2 ft., curb to curb Traction Control & Stability Electronic Stability Control (ESP®) This safety breakthrough first introduced by Mercedes-Benz continually monitors your driving inputs and the vehicle's motion to help keep it going in your intended direction, especially in corners and during evasive maneuvers. If it detects wheelspin, severe understeer (plowing), or oversteer (fishtailing), ESP can brake individual wheels and reduce engine power to help bring the vehicle under control.[*4] Brakes, Wheels, and Tires Brakes Brakes 14.2-in perforated and ventilated front discs with 4-piston fixed-type calipers 12.6-in ventilated rear discs with single-piston floating calipers[*5] Antilock Braking System (ABS) ABS senses impending wheel lockup under heavy braking and pumps the front brakes individually or the rear brakes together. This intelligent system can pump the brakes as needed up to 30 times per second, to prevent lockup and preserve the driver's steering ability.[*5] Brake Assist Brake Assist senses emergency braking via the speed at which the driver presses the brake pedal and immediately applies maximum available power boost. Brake Assist can potentially reduce the overall stopping distance by eliminating the delay caused by a common human tendency not to brake hard enough, soon enough. Letting up on the brake pedal releases Brake Assist.[*5] Adaptive braking technology Adaptive braking technology includes a number of advances: If you lift off the accelerator quickly, Predictive Brake Priming sets the pads closer to the discs for more immediate response when you apply the brakes. In the rain, Automatic Brake Drying periodically applies the brakes just enough to sweep water build-up from the discs. During uphill starts, Hill-Start Assist helps prevent unwanted rollback. And a HOLD feature can make long red lights or stopped traffic a little easier.[*5] Wheels/Tires Wheels 8.5x18-inch front / 9.5x18-inch rear twin 5-spoke Tires 255/40R18 95Y front / 285/35R18 97Y rear Safety and Security Systems Restraint Systems mbrace Automatic Collision Notification In the event that an air bag or Emergency Tensioning Device is activated, mbrace initiates a call to the Mercedes-Benz Emergency Response Center to notify them of the incident, and provide information on your vehicle and its location. A Customer Specialist will then attempt to make voice contact with you. If you request help, or do not respond, they will notify local emergency response services, and stay on the line until help arrives.[*6] Head restraints In the case of a rear impact exceeding a preset threshold, NECK-PRO head restraints move forward and slightly upward, reducing the distance between the head restraints and the heads of the occupants. This action helps to reduce the possibility or severity of whiplash-type neck injuries. 8-way air bag protection The SL's sophisticated restraint system includes front air bags with dual deployment thresholds, as well as new head air bags, plus thorax side-impact air bags and knee bags for both driver and passenger.[*7] Occupant Classification System (OCS) OCS automatically turns the passenger's front air bag on or off and adjusts the air bag inflation rate based on the weight category determined by weight-sensor readings from the passenger seat. Seat belts If a collision exceeds a preset threshold, Emergency Tensioning devices (ETDs) instantly remove slack from the seat belts. Belt force limiters allow a slight amount of give in the seat belts and reduce the peak seat-belt forces on the occupant. Locking & Security SmartKey The SmartKey remote control integrates remote door locks and trunk opener, a removable valet key, and a remote panic alarm. You may selectively unlock only the driver's door and fuel filler, or both doors plus the trunk and fuel filler. Locator lighting Locator lighting uses the car's lights to help illuminate a return path when the car is remote-unlocked in darkness. Unlocking the car also activates the illuminated entry system. Emergency trunk opener An emergency release lever is located inside the trunk and illuminated for 60 minutes after the trunk lid is closed. Antitheft alarm system The standard antitheft alarm system is armed automatically when you lock your Mercedes from the outside. It sounds the horn and flashes the exterior lights if a door, the trunk or the hood is opened without first unlocking the vehicle. You can also sound the alarm by pressing the red "panic" button on your SmartKey remote when you're within range of your vehicle. Back to Top Warranty &amp; Services Expand All Collapse All Overview xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Keep It Genuine with Mercedes-Benz Service and Parts Superior performance, exquisite style, and cutting-edge technology are what you expect from Mercedes- Benz. For as long as you drive your vehicle, our commitment to you continues with world-class Mercedes- Benz service, parts and accessories. Vehicle maintenance and occasional repairs due to wear or accidents are a fact of vehicle ownership. Why is it best to always service your vehicle at an authorized Mercedes-Benz dealership? Certified Mercedes-Benz Technicians are required to participate in ongoing training, assuring that they master the use of state-of-the-art diagnostics, tools, and equipment to properly repair your Mercedes-Benz. Genuine Mercedes-Benz replacement parts and accessories installed by certified technicians preserve the performance and integrity of your vehicle. As well, keeping it genuine with Mercedes-Benz parts will help maintain your vehicle's residual value. When you visit your local Mercedes-Benz dealership, their service staff can perform a detailed, multi-point inspection to address your concerns and maintain your vehicle's performance and appearance. No one understands and cares for your Mercedes Benz better than Mercedes-Benz.  Prepaid Maintenance xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' No one can maintain a Mercedes-Benz like Mercedes-Benz It's the simple and convenient way to prepay for required services, so you'll know that critical maintenance needs are taken care of right from the start. Mercedes-Benz Star Service Pre-Paid Maintenance allows you to lock in the costs of these required services before your first service visit or 10,000 miles, whichever comes first.- So you'll have the convenience of paying for maintenance in advance. Save up to 30% versus "purchasing maintenance as you go* " Plus, purchasing a Mercedes-Benz Star Service Pre-Paid Maintenance plan does not confine you to only one dealership for your service needs. The plan follows you, so if you require service when you're on the road - or if you relocate - your plan will be honored at any authorized participating Mercedes-Benz dealer. Overview It's extremely important for the long-term health of your Mercedes-Benz, and the safety of you and your passengers, that you have your Mercedes-Benz serviced according to its regular maintenance intervals. Check your maintenance manual or consult your authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealer for specific maintenance requirements and recommendation. For all Mercedes-Benz vehicles we recommend using an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealer for your service needs. At a Mercedes-Benz Dealership you will get the most up-to-date expertise on the components that keep you safe on the road, like the braking and electrical systems, fluid levels, right down to the condition of your tires — which are your connections to the road. Required Vehicle Maintenance starting with Model Year 2009 As of model year 2009, Mercedes-Benz vehicles follow a maintenance schedule of 10,000-mile or 12-month intervals, whichever occurs first. Required maintenance is the routine service necessary to keep your vehicle in peak operating condition, and to help avoid damage to your vehicle. For all other model years, refer to your maintenance manual for specific maintenance schedule information. When you take your Mercedes-Benz to an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealer for routine maintenance, our technicians use specialized tools, instruments, technical literature, Genuine Mercedes-Benz Parts, and unmatched technical training to service your vehicle. They follow your maintenance manual in detail to ensure that everything is checked on schedule. Your Mercedes-Benz Maintenance Booklet specifies exactly what services your Mercedes-Benz technician will perform at each routine service visit. Recommended Maintenance for Model Year 2009 and newer In addition to regular required maintenance, recommended service work is intended to provide you with the flexibility to choose the additional maintenance work performed on your vehicle, based on its needs or recommendations from your authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealer. Beyond any specific recommendations you receive from your Mercedes-Benz technician, you should check the following items regularly and prior to any long trip: Engine oil level Coolant level Brake system fluid level (If brake fluid needs to be added, see an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealer to determine the cause.) Windshield washing system (Add washer fluid mixed with Mercedes-Benz windshield washer solvent/concentrate, test function, and check wiper blades.) Tire pressure (Check at least every other week.) If applicable to your vehicle's configuration, tire rotation should be performed in accordance with the recommended intervals, or sooner at the first signs of irregular (uneven) tread wear. A tire inspection will help determine the need for a tire rotation which may occur at least once between regular Mercedes-Benz maintenance intervals. Check with your authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership for specific recommendations. The first rotation inspection occurring at an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership at any time up to 5,000 miles is provided at no charge.* The required maintenance intervals have been determined based on normal operating conditions. Any severe operating conditions may call for more frequent replacement of items such as interior filters, spark plugs, coolant, tires, etc. Checking these items regularly and bringing your vehicle in for service appointments earlier than required, if necessary, will help keep your Mercedes-Benz in top condition. * In accordance with or as otherwise recommended by your tire manufacturer's instructions. Rotation applies only to vehicles without staggered-width tires. Vehicles with staggered-width tires require inspection instead of rotation. Tires should be rotated/inspected at least once between each service visit. See your Service Manager for details regarding your vehicle's tires. Your Mercedes-Benz Maintenance Booklet specifies exactly what services your Mercedes-Benz technician will perform at each routine service visit. Mercedes-Benz Star Service Pre-Paid Maintenance A smart decision now. No surprises later. It's the simple and convenient way to prepay for required services, so you'll know that critical maintenance needs are taken care of right from the start. Mercedes-Benz Star Service Pre-Paid Maintenance allows you to "lock in" the costs for "required" services before your first service visit or 10,000 miles, whichever comes first. — And saves you money! Save up to 30% versus "purchasing maintenance as you go*" Potential increase in residual value if purchased with lease Potential increase in resale value (you can prove you're properly maintaining your vehicle according to manufacturer's recommendations) The convenience of having paid for maintenance in advance Mercedes-Benz trained technicians using Genuine Mercedes-Benz Parts Plus, purchasing a Mercedes-Benz Star Service Pre-Paid Maintenance plan does not confine you to only one dealership for your service needs. The plan follows you, so if you require service when you're on the road — or if you relocate — your plan will be honored at any authorized participating Mercedes-Benz dealer. By purchasing an affordable Mercedes-Benz Star Service Pre-Paid Maintenance plan when you purchase your vehicle, you can build the cost into your monthly payment - giving you a lot more convenience for as little as $10/month. Or you can choose to prepay upfront or in monthly installments. The plan may be purchased at any time prior to your first service visit or 10,000 miles, whichever comes first. here are several plan options to choose from designed to fit your specific model and individual driving needs; 2, 3, 4 or 5 year terms, and up to 50,000 total vehicle miles. If your vehicle is not eligible for the Mercedes-Benz Star Service Prepaid Maintenance ask for the Mercedes-Benz Pre-Owned Prepaid Maintenance and receive the same benefits. The basic requirements are; your vehicle is a model year 2007 or newer and that it has less than 80,000 miles. (No residualization applies) Contact your dealer about program details and eligibility or call us at 1-800-FOR-MERCEDES to learn more today. Download your Maintenance Manual (2000 - 2013) MB Limited Warranty xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' 2009 and newer Maintenance Schedules You invested in Mercedes-Benz. Now Mercedes-Benz has your back. All new Mercedes-Benz vehicles are protected by our New Vehicle Limited Warranty, covering defects in material or workmanship for 48-months or 50,000 miles, whichever comes first. For added protection, the Mercedes-Benz Extended Limited Warranty offers continued peace of mind with prolonged coverage tailored to your needs. To help ensure that coverage under your warranty right is never affected, it is highly recommended that you bring your Mercedes-Benz to an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership for all your service and repair needs, starting with regular maintenance at the intervals outlined in your Maintenance Booklet. Extended Limited Warranty The Mercedes-Benz Extended Limited Warranty offers additional protection once the original 4-year/50,000-mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty expires, with options that add an extra one, two, or three years of protection to best fit your ownership experience - up to 125,000 miles. And because this Extended Limited Warranty is a product fully backed by Mercedes-Benz, you can have complete confidence that it offers a premium level of coverage when compared to after market alternatives. Mercedes-Benz Extended Limited Warranty offers several term options so you can choose the coverage that best suits your needs. Based on your vehicle model, you may choose to extend your warranty coverage up to 1, 2, or 3 years from the original 48-month/50,000-mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty start date - up to either 75,000, 100,000 or 125,000 total miles. Additionally, Mercedes-Benz Extended Limited Warranty coverage may be purchased at any time prior to the expiration of your original New Vehicle Limited Warranty.* Payment options are similarly flexible: you may choose to pre-pay the entire Extended Limited Warranty amount up-front, or include the cost in your monthly financing payments. Your dealer can work with you to help determine the approach that will best fit your needs. With Extended Limited Warranty there's no complicated paperwork to process, no deductibles and no hassles. As a Mercedes-Benz Extended Limited Warranty customer, you will enjoy the uncommon level of service and care that can only be found at authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealerships. Mercedes-Benz trained service professionals can help ensure your vehicle is cared for with the superior attention to detail it deserves. Your vehicle - and you - will benefit from: The best possible service using specially-designed Mercedes-Benz diagnostic processes and tools Genuine Mercedes-Benz parts for any needed replacement or augmentation Download the Extended Limited Warranty pamphlet xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' * Surcharge may apply if coverage is purchased 30 days after retail delivery, except in Florida, Wisconsin, and Puerto Rico. Contact your Mercedes-Benz Dealership for more details. xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Pre-Owned Limited Warranty With your Certified Pre-Owned Mercedes-Benz comes peace of mind because every vehicle is backed by a comprehensive Pre-Owned Vehicle Limited Warranty. For starters, any remaining portion of the Mercedes-Benz 4-year/50,000-mile New Vehicle Limited Warranty applies to the vehicle. After that, the Mercedes-Benz Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty provides vehicle coverage for another 12 months or up to 100,000 total accumulated miles, whichever comes first. For those Certified Pre-Owned vehicles no longer covered by the New Vehicle Warranty, the Mercedes-Benz Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty takes effect at the time of delivery.  This coverage extends to include most of the major components of engine and powertrain, steering, suspension, brakes (excluding wear of discs and pads), electrical system, climate control system, and more. For specific coverage, please see your Mercedes-Benz Dealer for a copy of the Mercedes-Benz Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty.  Parts Limited Warranty When you choose Genuine Mercedes-Benz Parts, you enjoy the reassurance that comes with our Parts Warranty: 12-months, unlimited mileage 24-months or 24,000 miles for transmissions 48-months or 50,000 miles for engine and long blocks (same coverage as for a new Mercedes-Benz) See your Mercedes-Benz Retailer for more on the Mercedes-Benz Spare Parts Limited Warranty.* * The Mercedes-Benz Spare Parts and Over-The-Counter Parts Warranty covers only Genuine Mercedes-Benz Parts originally purchased from an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership. The labor to remove and reinstall the part is included under the warranty if the repair was performed by an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership.  Service & Repairs xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' World-class vehicles, customers, and service. With Mercedes-Benz trained technicians using the most up-to-date product knowledge and technology - and Genuine Mercedes-Benz Parts designed to fit your vehicle perfectly - you can be sure you´re getting exactly the service you and your Mercedes-Benz deserve. Whether it's your regular maintenance checkup or an unexpected repair, bringing your vehicle to an authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership ensures it´s in the hands of the people who know it best. Why Mercedes-Benz Service? We made your Mercedes-Benz the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way - whether it's taken you 10,000 miles or 100,000 miles. That's why we offer Mercedes-Benz Service and Repair, so you have access to the latest specialized technology and precise analysis from Mercedes-Benz trained technicians who undergo regular, frequent training so they´re always up-to-date on every component of your vehicle. By bringing your Mercedes-Benz vehicle to a Mercedes-Benz Dealer for all your service and repair needs, from regularly scheduled appointments to major repairs, you can count on a continued driving experience unlike any other - for every single mile of your lease or ownership. You can also benefit from: The confidence of knowing your car is properly maintained for maximum safety Genuine Mercedes-Benz Parts for exact fit, longer life Expert advice from the people who know your vehicle best Building a strong relationship with dealership staff who are in tune with your vehicle's needs Keeping your vehicle genuine at a lower price Certified Collision Centers When you trust your repair work to a Mercedes-Benz Certified Collision Center, you´ll enjoy the confidence and peace of mind that your Mercedes-Benz will leave looking as close to its pre-accident condition as possible. That´s because the technicians working to restore your vehicle´s appearance and performance are the people who know it best. All collision facilities certified by Mercedes-Benz have successfully completed an extensive audit, and have made the significant commitments to quality and service required to receive this level of recognition. This rigorous process enables Mercedes-Benz to distinguish those body shops which meet or exceed Mercedes- Benz standards for tools, equipment, facilities, repair work, and commitment to customer care (ccc). You can be sure that Mercedes-Benz Certified Collision Centers offer: Genuine Mercedes-Benz Replacement Parts for exact fit and exceptional quality Mercedes-Benz-approved equipment, including all tools, parts, and paint A dedicated fixture bench developed exclusively from Mercedes-Benz blueprints so that repairs are made with assembly-line accuracy Technicians with up-to-date, advanced skills and training Manufacturer-approved repair methods that help ensure the structural integrity of your car is restored to pre-loss condition With a vehicle as unique and special as your Mercedes-Benz, why take a chance on anything less?* To learn more about the Mercedes-Benz Approved Collision Repair Policies please Download Approved Collision Repair Policies PDF xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Disclaimer *While the vehicle owner may elect to have repairs (collision damage repair or paint work) performed by any automotive body repair establishment or individual, damage or malfunctions caused by body repairs not performed in accordance with Mercedes-Benz specified repair procedures or otherwise not properly performed are not covered by the Mercedes-Benz New Vehicle Limited Warranty and may cause the car to not perform as originally designed in a subsequent collision to the repaired area. xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Small Repairs To own a Mercedes-Benz is to take pride in its timeless design and effortless style. But regardless of the care you take in maintaining the appearance of your vehicle, sometimes damage can´t be avoided. Whether it's a rock chip, a spill, a sharp object piercing the interior, a wheel making contact with the curb, or seasonal hazards like road grime or salt attacking your rims, Mercedes-Benz has the solution. Your Mercedes-Benz Dealership or Certified Collision Center can offer minor repairs quickly, easily, and cost effectively, often while you wait. Wheels Few parts of your vehicle are as readily noticed as the alloy rims. Unfortunately, even the most stunning wheels are susceptible to damage. If winter road salt or a bump against the curb has left your rims looking less than spectacular, your Mercedes-Benz dealership or Certified Collision Facility has the technology to make the finish look just like new at a fraction of the cost of a new rim. Please note that not all wheel damage can be repaired, depending on severity. Sticks and Stones When a stone makes contact with your windshield it can create significant appearance and safety implications, especially if left untreated. To avoid replacing the entire windshield, Mercedes-Benz Dealerships and Certified Collision Centers can fix cracks and stone chips quickly using resins to seal the glass, and polish to take care of pitting. Keep in mind that this system is only intended to repair minor problems outside of the driver´s field of vision, and is not meant to take care of an issue that has failed a state safety inspection program. Interior Repairs Leather or MB-Tex seating, polished wood trim, aluminum accents, ceiling fabric or carpet - they're all susceptible to daily wear and tear or surface contamination. Minor scratches, blemishes, and other superficial damage to your vehicle´s interior can be repaired at your Mercedes-Benz Dealership or Certified Collision Facility, with the product expertise needed to determine the best repair tools and materials for the job. Disclaimer Ask your authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealership for more information about how they can help you restore your vehicle back to its original beauty. First Class Insurance Enjoy The Ultimate Protection You have arrived. Driving a Mercedes-Benz rewards you with an experience unlike any other. First Class Insurance is also unlike any other. It offers luxurious benefits and exclusive savings to complement your vehicle. As a Mercedes-Benz driver you are entitled to special reduced rates on Liberty Mutual's auto insurance through the First Class Insurance program. Take advantage of a premium program engineered to insure your Mercedes-Benz. Luxurious Benefits That Give You An Edge (1) Special reduced rate (2) Original Mercedes-Benz Replacement Parts on repairs (3) New Vehicle Replacement Cost Coverage (4) Towing to the nearest Mercedes-Benz dealership Concierge Service 12-Month guaranteed rates 24-Hour Claims Services 24-Hour Enhanced Roadside Assistance Click here to access the first class insurance website or Download First Class Insurance PDF xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Disclaimer 1. Discounts available where state laws and regulations allow and may vary by state. Certain discounts apply to specific coverages only. To the extent permitted by law, applicants are individually underwritten; not all applicants may qualify. Savings will vary by state. Inquire for details. 2. Discount not available to residents of Massachusetts.  3. Original Mercedes-Benz Parts available except where prohibited by state law. 4. New Vehicle Replacement Cost Coverage does not apply to leased vehicles, is not available in all states; in Massachusetts this coverage does not apply to leased vehicles, motorcycles or mobile homes. Other terms and conditions apply. xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Products are offered through Daimler Insurance Agency LLC, 36455 Corporate Drive, Farmington Hills, MI 48331 (CA license number OF52987, MN License number 40015723), which is not affiliated with Liberty Mutual Insurance Company and its affiliates. Policies are underwritten and provided by Liberty Mutual Insurance Company and its affiliates, principal office at 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA. Mercedes-Benz Financial is a trade name used by DCFS USA LLC. New Vehicle Warranty All new Mercedes-Benz vehicles are covered by our New Vehicle Limited Warranty. It covers defects in material or workmanship for 48-months or 50,000 miles, whichever comes first. All you have to do is bring your vehicle into any authorized Mercedes-Benz Dealer, where you'll find expert technicians who know your vehicle inside and out. First Class Wheel and Tire Protection Our First Class Wheel and Tire Protection Plans ensure a smooth ride by replacing your vehicle´s wheels and tires if damaged by a covered road hazard. You may not be able to avoid every road hazard you encounter but you can avoid the resulting expense. You likely have a lot invested in what connects you to the road. That´s all the more reason to protect your investment against unexpected hazards the road might throw your way. With two Wheel and Tire Protection Plans to choose from - First Class Wheel and Tire and First Class Wheel and Tire Protection Plus - you can protect the wheels and tires that protect you. What does it cover? Our First Class Wheel and Tire Protection Plans cover: All costs associated with replacement of wheels and tires due to a covered road hazard* Covers original equipment and any replacement wheels or tires purchased during the contract period No limit to the number of incidents for the term of the contract Repairs completed by any authorized Mercedes-Benz dealer Wheel repair for most scrapes, scratches and other cosmetic damage (Wheel and Tire Protection Plus only) Ask your Mercedes-Benz dealer about our First Class Wheel and Tire Protection Plans today, because after all, not all roads are created equal. *Road Hazards are defined as debris on a public roadway such as nails, glass, potholes, rocks, tree limbs or any other object or condition not normally found in the roadway. Road conditions (such as uneven lanes or metal plates) found in construction zones or construction sites are not considered a covered Road Hazard. Damage or accidents caused by these conditions should be reported to your automobile insurance company. Certain exclusions apply. Emission Parts Warranty The emission control system of your Mercedes-Benz vehicle is designed and built to conform to federal and state emission regulations and standards. Our Emission Parts Warranty ensures that your vehicle is covered for 2-years or 24,000 miles, whichever comes first, for any repairs or replacements necessary for your Mercedes-Benz to meet emission standards. In addition, specific emission-related components are covered for 8-years or 80,000 miles, whichever comes first. State Laws In California, Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, and Vermont, Mercedes-Benz vehicles are covered for 3-years or 50,000 miles, whichever comes first, in order to meet these states' stringent anti-smog standards. In addition, certain emission-related parts are covered for 7-years or 70,000 miles, whichever comes first. Back to Top /mercedes vehicles explore SL RDS 2013  [  ] [C63|2013, C63C|2014, CL63|2013, CL65|2013, CLS63|2014, CLS63P|2014, E63|2014, E63P|2014, E63SP|2014, G63|2013, GL63|2014, ML63|2014, S63|2013, S65|2013, SL63|2013, SL65|2013, SLK55|2014, SLSGTR|2014, SLSGTC|2014] true https://www.mbfs.com //ips-invite.iperceptions.com/webValidator.aspx?sdfc=44ac590b-783-629832ab-2ba5-6a89-c3ed-9270a0e350a3&lID;=1&loc;=STUDY&cD;=90&rF;=False&iType;=1&domainname;=0 Build Your Own Compare Vehicles All Vehicles Future Vehicles Special Offers Certified Pre-Owned European Delivery Fleet Program Payment Estimator Request a Quote Apply for Finance Why Mercedes-Benz Innovation Performance Design Safety Environment Featured Galleries Events & Partnerships For Enthusiasts mbrace Email Subscriptions Mobile Apps About Mercedes-Benz Contact Us Careers Other Mercedes-Benz Sites Sprinter smart Stay up to date Receive the latest news, special offers and exclusives. Subscribe Manage your email subscriptions Manage Newsletters  InRoads newsletter, vehicle launches, product innovations and more View Sample Newsletters Special Offers  The latest lease and finance offers on Mercedes-Benz vehicles View Sample Special Offers Exclusive Events  Insider updates on Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week, Sports and more View Sample Exclusive Events Subscribe  Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube &copy; 2013 Mercedes-Benz USA, LLC Site Map Policies * Excludes all options, taxes, title, registration, $905 transportation charge, and dealer prep fee. Vehicles depicted may feature optional equipment. &#160;Production equipment may differ. ** A discount on the combined monthly rate is offered when the mbrace PLUS and Mercedes-Benz Apps Packages are ordered together. Please see your dealer. † Stated rates of acceleration are based upon manufacturer´s track results and may vary depending on model, environmental and road surface conditions, driving style, elevation and vehicle load. †† 2013 EPA estimated fuel economy. Compare the estimated mpg to the estimated mpg of other vehicles. You may get different mileage depending on how fast you drive, weather conditions and trip length. Your actual highway mileage will probably be less than the highway estimate. 4. No system, regardless of how advanced, can overcome the laws of physics or correct careless driving. Please always wear your seat belt. Performance is limited by available traction, which snow, ice and other conditions can affect. Always drive carefully, consistent with conditions. Best performance in snow is obtained with winter tires. 5. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake maintenance, and tire and road conditions. 6. All Mercedes-Benz mbrace® services operate only where cellular and Global Positioning Satellite signals are available, which are provided by third parties and not within the control of Mercedes-Benz USA, LLC. An mbrace Package trial period is offered on new, Certified Pre-Owned and pre-owned sales and leases at an authorized Mercedes-Benz dealer. Subscriber Agreement is required for service to be active. Some services are only available on select vehicles. Your PIN is required in order to use certain services. See your dealer or MBUSA.com/mbrace for details, including a list of compatible smartphones. 7. Warning: The forces of a deploying air bag can cause serious or fatal injuries to a child under age 13. &#160;The safest seating position for your child is in the rear seat, belted into an appropriate, properly installed child seat, or correctly wearing a seat belt if too large for a child seat. &#160;See operator's manual for additional warnings and information on air bags, seat belts and child seats. &#160; &#160; 