  {"dflt": {"listId": "_320864","email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848320964"},"mainNav_shoppingTools_subNav": {"email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848320880"},"researchCol": {"email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848320876"},"shopping-tools-list": {"email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848320876"},"td_tooltip_content": {"email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848320881"},"ng-widget-13": {"email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848320879"},"conceptVehicle": {"email": "_0799A","mail": "_0848321075"}} Get Updates See our newest vehicles, product updates and news about offers and more. Just complete the fields below to get information from Lincoln. Mail - Get product news and announcements by mail. Email - Get product news and announcements delivered electronically. * Required Fields * First Name * Last Name * Address * City * State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming * Zip Code * Email Address * Confirm Email Address When do you plan to acquire your next vehicle? 0-30 days 1-3 months 4-6 months 7+ months No Definite Plans Select Vehicles Get information about your preferred vehicles, future models and commercial vehicles (select up to three) Select a vehicle 2013 Lincoln MKZ 2013 Lincoln MKX 2014 Lincoln MKS 2014 Lincoln MKT 2013 Lincoln Navigator 2013 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid -- Future Vehicles -- 2015 Lincoln MKC Select a vehicle 2013 Lincoln MKZ 2013 Lincoln MKX 2014 Lincoln MKS 2014 Lincoln MKT 2013 Lincoln Navigator 2013 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid -- Future Vehicles -- 2015 Lincoln MKC Select a vehicle 2013 Lincoln MKZ 2013 Lincoln MKX 2014 Lincoln MKS 2014 Lincoln MKT 2013 Lincoln Navigator 2013 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid -- Future Vehicles -- 2015 Lincoln MKC Add another Our Privacy Pledge Our Privacy Pledge We will never share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties. For information on how we protect your privacy, please read our Privacy Policy Submit Thank You. You can expect to receive your requested information shortly. Vehicles Selected Close Certified Pre-Owned Locate a Dealer Please enter your ZIP code Submit Advanced Search Support Sign in Welcome, Lindsey Smith My Saved Items Profile Sign Out Concierge Homepage Register Concierge Connect With Your CONCIERGE Enjoy A Personalized Shopping Experience. Looking for My Saved Items? Learn More Close  Vehicles Close Menu LINCOLN MKZ Starting MSRP $ 35,925 1 Seating (People) 5 EPA-Est. MPG City/Hwy Standard: 22/33 2 Hybrid: 45/45 2 Compare Vehicle Build & Price Get a Quote LINCOLN MKX Starting MSRP $ 39,575 1 Seating (People) 5 EPA-Est. MPG City/Hwy Standard: 19/26 2 Compare Vehicle Build & Price Get a Quote LINCOLN MKS Starting MSRP $ 42,870 1 Seating (People) 5 EPA-Est. MPG City/Hwy Standard: 18/27 2 Compare Vehicle Build & Price Get a Quote LINCOLN MKT Starting MSRP $ 42,785 1 Seating (People) 7 EPA-Est. MPG City/Hwy Standard: 17/25 2 Compare Vehicle Build & Price Get a Quote Previous Model Year NAVIGATOR Starting MSRP $ 57,875 1 Seating (People) 7 EPA-Est. MPG City/Hwy Standard: 14/20 2 Compare Vehicle Build & Price Get a Quote Find Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Concept Vehicle Close Menu  LINCOLN MKC CONCEPT Get Updates Lincoln Now Close Menu Lincoln Now Home What's on the Lincoln radar right now. Hello Again Allow us to reintroduce ourselves. The Reimagine Project We're helping pioneers go further. Shopping Tools Close Menu Research Build & Price Configure a vehicle the way you want - from colors to options - and get a Net Price. Brochures & Guides Receive a personalized brochure by mail, or download one right now. Compare Vehicles Compare a Lincoln model to the competition based on an independent automotive information resource. Get Updates Sign up for emails that keep you in the loop about new vehicles, technologies, offers and more. Price &amp; Locate Get a Quote Get a price from your local dealer on the vehicle you're looking for. Locate a Dealer Find a dealer in your area. Or wherever you need one. Search Dealer Inventory Search the inventory of a dealership near you for the exact vehicle you want. Incentives & Offers See the latest deals available in your area. Financing Apply for Credit Fill out an application with Lincoln Automotive Financial Services. Estimate Your Payment Determine your approximate monthly payment for a purchase or lease. Trade-In Value Look up the current market value of your trade-in vehicle with Intelliprice&#153; an independent information service. Lincoln Automotive Financial Services Visit the Lincoln Automotive Financial Services site for information on purchase and lease options. You have entered an incorrect user name or password. Please try again. Remember, your User Id cannot contain spaces and passwords are case sensitive. To protect your security, we ask that you sign-in again after a certain period of time. Please sign-in again now. Thank you. Email provided in the request is invalid Password does not match Password needs to be 6-15 characters long can't be empty Select a security question This user name already exists. Please choose another email address and resubmit Something went wrong. Please try again. Sign In Close Register Close With Social or Use your Lincoln Owner or SYNC Account  With Your Email Address Register Benefits Access to personal shopping advisors Help you identify best vehicle match at preferred dealership Save your personalized vehicle specifications Register Already have a Lincoln account (Lincoln, Owner, SYNC)? SIGN IN NOW Having trouble registering? Please call 800-521-4140 or 800-232-5952 (TDD for the hearing impaired). If you are using a public or shared computer please remember to sign out. Continue without an account If you choose not to sign-in at this time, your saved items will be only be accessible on this browser and with this device. If you change your mind, you can always create an account. Continue without Signing in Register With Email Your Registration is Complete Close Personalize Your Lincoln Experience Please complete the following fields correctly: * Required Fields * * * * * * Select A Security Question What is my pet's name? What was the name of my first school? What is my all-time favorite sports team? What is my father's middle name? * Password needs to be 6-15 characters long Benefits Access to personal shopping advisors Help you identify best vehicle match at preferred dealership Save your personalized vehicle specifications This section is optional Help us personalize your experience by filling out the following. We will save this information in your Profile to help you find the information you need. Select the categories that are most important to you: Select all that apply Eco Friendly Design Craftsmanship Family Art Technology What types of vehicles are you interested in? Select all that apply Cars Hybrids Crossovers All Vehicles Submit Cancel Not now Your session has expired due to inactivity. You need to sign in again Close Close Sign In  Sign in to your account Start off by clicking one of the buttons below. Signing in will allow you to access your saved items from other computers and browsers. OR Continue without an account If you choose not to sign-in, your saved items will be only accessible on this computer and browser. Click here to continue. Accept or change the title of this Saved Item. Title : Note : Submit Your item has been saved. You can view My Saved Items anytime by clicking on "Concierge" above. Continue Your item has been saved. You can view My Saved Items anytime by clicking on "Concierge" above. Schedule Dealer Visit Continue An error has occurred while attempting to save. Please try again shortly. Your My Saved Items account is full. To save additional items, you must delete a saved item. Goto My Saved Items to delete and item OR Cancel  Certified Pre-Owned About Certified Incentives & Offers Search Dealer Inventory  Luxurious by any Standards. Certified by Ours. Uncompromised luxury. Meticulously inspected. Watch this video to see how Lincoln Certified Pre-Owned vehicles stand apart.   Please enter a valid 5-digit numeric ZIP code. Zip code Ford Ford Lincoln Mercury Model Select Price Range Less Than $7500 Less Than $10000 Less Than $15000 Less Than $20000 Less Than $25000 Less Than $30000 Less Than $40000 Less Than $50000 Less Than $75000 Less Than $100000 More search options Please enter two valid 4-digit years. Year entered in second field must be equal to or greater than year in first field. From: To: Distance: 100 Miles 10 Miles 25 Miles 50 Miles 75 Miles 100 Miles 200 Miles 300 Miles 500 Miles Any Distance  Search Inventory  200-Point Inspection Before delivery comes scrutiny.  Comprehensive Limited Warranty Coverage* Ensure your peace of mind.  Vehicle History Report A detailed record at your fingertips.  24-Hour Roadside Assistance Complimentary help, available at any time.  Additional Benefits More benefits of buying a Lincoln Certified Pre-Owned vehicle.  Three Months Commercial-Free Sirius XM Radio Get 0.9% APR Financing* Locate a dealer in your area  Close  Close Welcome AXZ Plan participant. Now you can view exclusive AXZ Plan pricing while browsing Lincoln.com Note: AXZ Plan pricing information is not available on all Lincoln websites.In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for AXZ Plan s.Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in AXZ Plan pricing.Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the Program and final vehicle pricing. What happens if I close this site before I’m finished? If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the AXZ Plan Pricing website to ensure thatall eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the AXZ Plan s, please referback to you’re AXZ Plan Pricing website for complete details. AXZ Plan pricing, including AXZ Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees,friends and family-members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply.See your Ford or Lincoln dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the rightto modify the terms of this Plan at any time. VEHICLES LINCOLN MKZ LINCOLN MKX LINCOLN MKS LINCOLN MKT LINCOLN Navigator Certified Pre-Owned Ownership Owners Support Service Warranty &amp; Service Plans Accessories Store Make a Payment Shopping Tools Research Build &amp; Price Brochures & Guides Compare Vehicles Get Updates Price &amp; Locate Get a Quote Locate a Dealer Search Dealer Inventory Incentives &amp; Offers Financing Apply for Credit Estimate Your Payment Trade-in Value Lincoln Automotive Financial Services MORE LINCOLN SYNC Technology View Additional Disclosures Close Additional Disclosures 1 Base MSRP and base plus package price exclude destination/delivery charge, taxes, title and registration. Optional equipment not included. A, Z and X Plan prices are for qualified customers and exclude document fee, destination/delivery charge taxes, title and registration. Not all vehicles qualify for A, Z or X Plan. 2 EPA-estimated city/hwy mpg. See fueleconomy.gov for fuel economy of other engine/transmission combinations. Actual mileage will vary. 3 Towing - Properly equipped 4 Option/Package price based on Manufacturers Suggest Retail Price excluding taxes based on 5% APR Lincoln AFS financing financed over 60 months. Not all buyers will qualify for Lincoln AFS financing. 5 The Estimated Selling Price of vehicle less cash, rebates, and net trade in allowance. It does not include amounts for fees, sales tax, service contracts, etc. Consult your dealer for actual price and complete details. 6 Special APR offers applied to Estimated Selling Price. Special APR offers require Lincoln AFS. Not all buyers will qualify. See dealer for qualifications and complete details. 7 Special Lease offers applied to Estimated Capitalized Cost. Special Lease offers require Lincoln AFS. Not all buyers will qualify. See dealer for qualifications and complete details 8 2011 EPA-estimated 41 city/36 highway/39 combined mpg, 17.5-gallon tank. Actual mileage will vary. Excludes diesels. 9 EPA-estimated 41 city mpg,17.5-gallon tank. Actual mileage will vary. 10 Class is Luxury Midsize Hybrid Sedans vs. 2011 competitors. 11 EPA-estimated 19 city/26 hwy/21 combined mpg. FWD. Class is non-diesel luxury midsize crossovers vs 2010/2011 competitors. Actual mileage may vary. 12 SYNC is available on Lincoln vehicles. Features/functionality vary by vehicle/model. Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use SYNC/MyLincoln Touch/other devices, even with voice commands, when it is safe to do so. Some features may be locked out while the vehicle is in gear. Traffic alerts and turn-by-turn directions available in select markets. Message and data rates may apply. Not all features are compatible with all phones. 13 The Bluetooth word mark is a trademark of the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. HD Radio is a proprietary trademark of iBiquity Digital Corp. iTunes is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 14 Horsepower achieved with premium fuel. EPA-estimated 17 city/25 highway/20 combined mpg. Actual mileage may vary. 15 The Lincoln MKZ received the lowest number of problems per 100 vehicles among entry premium cars in a tie in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Vehicle Dependability Study SM . Study based on 31,325 consumer responses measuring problems consumers experienced in the past 12 months with three-year old vehicles (2009 model-year cars and trucks). Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed October-December 2011. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com 16 Features/functionality vary by vehicle/model. Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use SYNC/MyLincoln Touch/other devices, even with voice commands, when it is safe to do so. Some features may be locked out while the vehicle is in gear. Traffic alerts and turn-by-turn directions available in select markets. Message and data rates may apply. 17 Commands may vary by model year and SYNC configuration. 18 The vehicle’s electrical system (including the battery), the wireless service provider’s signal and a connected mobile phone all must be available and operating for 911 Assist to function properly. These systems may become damaged in a crash. The paired mobile phone must be connected to SYNC, and the 911 Assist feature enabled, in order for 911 to be dialed. When the feature is ON, 911 Assist uses your paired and connected mobile phone to dial 911 if your airbag deploys or, on certain vehicles, if the emergency fuel pump shut-off is activated. 19 Some features only on vehicles equipped with SYNC and optional Navigation System or SYNC with MyLincoln Touch. Commands may vary by model year. 20 Only available when vehicle is in park. 21 Command is only available during an active call. 22 Subscriptions to all SiriusXM services are sold by SiriusXM after 6-month trial expires. Subscriptions are governed by SiriusXM Customer Agreement; see www.siriusxm.com. Sirius U.S. Satellite Services available in the 48 contiguous U.S.A and D.C. Sirius, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. 23 Only on vehicles equipped with SYNC with MyLincoln Touch. 24 Only on vehicles equipped with the available Navigation System with SiriusXM Traffic and SiriusXM Travel Link. 25 You must have a Bluetooth&#174;-enabled phone paired to your SYNC system. The Bluetooth word mark is a trademark of the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. 26 Includes iPhone&#174; and Blackberry. iPhone is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. 27 Most popular media players and file formats are compatible with SYNC. Supported audio formats include MP3, AAC, WMA and WAV. You can also use voice commands to tune to your favorite AM/FM/SiriusXM channels if equipped with SiriusXM Satellite Radio. 28 Your mobile phone or media device must support Bluetooth&#174; streaming audio. 29 Excludes models with SYNC with MyLincoln Touch. 30 SiriusXM Satellite Radio, Traffic and Travel Link subscriptions sold separately or as a package after trial expires. SiriusXM Traffic and Travel Link service available in select markets. Subscriptions are governed by SiriusXM Customer Agreement; see www.siriusxm.com. Sirius U.S. Satellite Service available in the 48 contiguous U.S.A. and D.C. Sirius, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. 31 Message and data rates may apply. 32 This feature is locked out when the vehicle is in gear. Only available on vehicles equipped with SYNC with MyLincoln Touch. 33 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. 34 SYNC Services is complimentary for three years on 2011, 2012 and 2013 vehicles. After three years, subscription fees will apply. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to change or discontinue this product service at any time without prior notification or incurring any future obligation. 35 Only available in 2012 Lincoln MKZ and 2012 Lincoln Navigator 36 iPad&reg;, iPod&reg; and iTunes&reg; are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. 37 Features/functionality vary by vehicle/model. Driving while distracted can result in loss of vehicle control. Only use SYNC/MyLincoln Touch/other devices, even with voice commands, when it is safe to do so. Some features may be locked out while the vehicle is in gear. Traffic alerts and turn-by-turn directions available in select markets. Message and data rates may apply. 38 Not available on Town Car. 39 A, Z, X-Plan Pricing: Option/Package price based on A, Z, or X Plan price for qualified, eligible A, Z, or X Plan customers excluding taxes based on 5% APR Lincoln AFS financing financed over 60 months. Not all buyers will qualify for Lincoln AFS financing. 40 MapQuest is a trademark of AOL, Inc. 41 The BlackBerry and RIM families of related marks, images and symbols are the exclusive properties and trademarks of Research In Motion Limited. 42 The term Wi-Fi is a registered trademark of the Wi-Fi alliance. 43 Center stack images displayed vary by model selected. 44 MKT basic SYNC comes with hands-free calling and voice control of your MP3/USB player features only. 45 Vehicles equipped with SYNC with MyLincoln Touch can only watch movies while parked through RCA jacks. 46 SYNC Destinations is available to owners of SYNC-equipped vehicles who have registered an active SYNC Services account at SYNC OWNER (syncmyride.com/support). 47 PANDORA, the PANDORA logo, and the Pandora trade dress are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pandora Media, Inc. Used with permission. 48 iHeartAuto is a registered trademark of Clear Channel Broadcasting, Inc. 49 Slacker&#174; is a registered trademark of Slacker&#174;, Inc. 50 For Lincoln MKT, SYNC Services is only available when equipped with the optional Navigation System. 51 Stitcher Smart Radio is a registered trademark of Stitcher, Inc. 52 NPR and the NPR logo are registered trademarks of National Public Radio, Inc. Used with permission. 53 SYNC AppLink is available on select models and compatible with select smartphone platforms. Commands may vary by phone and Applink software. 54 Unlimited complimentary Operator Assist sessions with paid/complimentary SYNC Services subscription. 55 Not all features are compatible with all phones. 56 See dealer for complete details. Lincoln reserves the right to change program details at any time without obligations. 57 Moonroof required with Preferred equipment group; Additional cost Single-Panel Moonroof or Retractable Panoramic Roof. 58 All prices are manufactures suggested retail prices and exclude destination/delivery charge, taxes, title and registration. Optional equipment not included. Prices may not reflect all equipment shown in images. Dealers are the best source for up-to-date pricing. 59 See your dealer for details. Lincoln reserves the right to change product specifications at any time without incurring obligations. Availability may change without notice.  Contact Your Concierge 1-800-301-5729 or Email Live Chat Video Chat My Saved Items &copy; 2013 Ford Motor Company Site Map Glossary Site Feedback Contact Us Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Your CA Privacy Rights AdChoices  Diagnosticswasadm01/proj/fordvehiclesbfordvehiclesb_5Tue Aug 27 15:33:24 EDT 2013 