 Home About RSS Feeds Write For Us Advertise Newsletter Contact Sign Up Log In Search Home About RSS Feeds Write For Us Advertise Newsletter Contact Sign Up Log In Search Navigation Home About RSS Feeds Write For Us Advertise Newsletter Contact Sign Up Log In Search Categories Arts &amp; Entertainment Books Food Health &amp; Fitness Poetry Lit News &amp; Commentary Science &amp; Technology Slices of Life Sports On The Table... Want more Lunch Break? Please support us by signing up , telling your friends about LunchBreakBlog.com, becoming an advertiser , or making a donation to help keep our community growing. The Lunch Break Blog welcomes new contributors who celebrate writing and reading as a daily part of their nutrition. Sumbit your essays, short stories, poetry, book and televisionreviews and insights by becoming an active writer. There is a category for you. Sign Up and your words can become the next great lunch conversation. Want to see your company's ad here? Become an Advertising Partner with the Lunch Break Blog! See our Advertising page for more information Editor&#39;s Picks Beer The Fall BrewReview Fall beers contain fantastic flavors that complement the season perfectly. Football Eagles Football: Where Philly StillExists If I ever go to war, I want to go with Philadelphia Eagles fans. Election Day Patrick Edmonds' Guide to Sensible Voting: Look for a Face You CanTrust I propose an alternative system that has guided me well through the voting process. Lunch Break Videos 1980s 80s Aaron Sorkin Aerosmith AMC America Art Ballads Batman Beastie Boys Beautiful Women beethoven Beyonce Knowles Blip blues Bob Dylan Bon Jovi Brad Pitt Bradley Cooper Breaking Bad Breaking Bad Season 5 Broadway Bruce Springsteen Chicago christianity chuck berry Clarence Clemons comedy comic books Country culture Dance Dickens Disney drama Dublin Dubliners Elmo Facebook Family Photos female artist folk Food Fun gospel Grammy Awards guitar guitarist Hank HBO Hip Hop Hollywood horror humor instruments internet Ireland James Joyce jazz Jean Shepherd Jesse Jesse Pinkman Jesus Jimi Hendrix Julius Caesar learning literature Live Entertainment love Mad Men Madonna Mariah Carey Matt Damon media Mike Motley Crue movies mozart Muddy Waters Music Musicians NBC New York New York Times Nirvana Oscars Philabundance Philadelphia President Obama Radio Ray Charles Red Hot Chili Peppers Relationships Robert DeNiro rock Rock and Roll rock n roll Season 4 Sesame Street sex Shakespeare singer Sookie Stackhouse St. Patrick's Day Stevie Ray Vaughn Sunday Super Bowl television The Beatles The Big Man The Boss The Great Gatsby The Sopranos Tragedy True Blood True Grit tv Ulysses Van Halen Vince Gilligan Vocalist Walter White Woody Allen You tube Friends of the Lunch Break   Books Thirst by Michael J Shay What Baseball Teaches: A Poetic Odyssey into the 2008 World Series Champions Philadelphia Phillies by Michael J Shay Philly War Zone: Growing Up in a Racial Battleground by Kevin Purcell 97 MIles South by Phil Thompson Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson The Power and the Glory by Graham Greene Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy  &laquo; Reality TV May Be On Its Way Out | Main | Breaking Down the Bad- Inside the Episode, “Gliding Over All” &raquo; Friday Sep 14 2012 T-Shirt Humor: an AmericanRevolution alicejenkins | Friday, September 14, 2012 at 8:42PM | 2 Comments America is the home of instant gratification. We like our cars, movies, internet, and jokes the way we like our food: fast. In the spirit of this America has become one of the first groups of people who took our humor from the internet and elsewhere and pasted it on our shirts, because why leave the funnies behind when you have to go to the store? Not only do we put jokes on our shirts, but lately the quality of these jokes has become more defined and begun to outline a real profile of American humor. After 300 years of bickering we&rsquo;ve finally agreed that a few things are just plain hilarious, and we can stand behind them united at last. Here are a few great defining American joke genres that we wear on our shirts with pride. Memes Some rights reserved by SevenLittleThings Ever since the world discovered 4chan and reddit the meme has taken over the internet. The truth is that memes have opened up an entirely new genre of humor in which a picture is reinterpreted out of context repeatedly, usually until one or several win out as the accepted best (I can haz cheeseburger?) or a theme is discovered after which the meme will be named (Sad Keanu). With a variety of texts superimposed over a picture we often no longer need anything in writing by the time they make their way onto a T-shirt. We&rsquo;ll be standing in line behind one at Wal-Mart, and a variety of hilarious interpretations will immediately spew forth from our mouths even as a chorus of hipsters expresses their disdain. Understatement/Counter-irony Some rights reserved by Trip Deezil What I mean by counter-irony is humor that is so obvious that it&rsquo;s ironic to mention. The quintessential example of this type of humor can be found by googling &ldquo;I beat Anorexia&rdquo; in an image search, which will result in a gentleman wearing a shirt the size of a tent depicting the above-mentioned text along with some strategically placed grease stains. This type of humor originated in the t-shirt market, presumably the result of a brilliant shirt producer who decided to take the risk of offending some people in exchange for a solid chance at good all-American profit. Pop Culture Some rights reserved by arvindgrover It would be ridiculous to say that making fun of famous people is a pastime reserved purely for Americans. We certainly didn&rsquo;t invent it. We however do pay more attention to our entertainers than anyone else in the world, and unlike politicians, these celebrities often feel free to express their personalities whichever way they please. As a result we get things like Tom Cruise&rsquo;s scientology, or Britney Spears&rsquo; head shaving incident as material to use in comedy. Inside Jokes Seeming slightly counter-productive one of the most common types of funny shirts we see every day are inside jokes. We don&rsquo;t know why they&rsquo;re funny and we don&rsquo;t bother to figure it out. But every once in a while someone will begin laughing hysterically and utter an equally inconspicuous sounding quote as though it were comedic nirvana. These of course are references to web comics, TV-shows with cult followings, or comedians. Some rights reserved by Marco Gomes America has a unique comedic landscape expressed through our clothing. Our sense of humor reflects our culture in many ways. And the way we express it does so no less. The things we make fun of, the way we do so, and what mediums we use are all important in facilitating proper understanding and defining ourselves as a nation. Alice Jenkins is a graphic designer, writer, and avid t-shirt wearer. She enjoys blogging about all aspects of design, but particularly current trends in pop and alternative-culture fashion. She currently writes for youdesignit.com, where you can make Custom Design T Shirts Online . tagged american culture , culture , humor , jokes , t-shirts Share Article | Email Article | Print Article Pin It Reader Comments (2)  Funny Post. Those t-shirts were hilarious. I just received an Emerson t-shirt from a friend. When transcendentalism can become a t-shirt -- well, that is postmodernism. Thanks for the lunch. September 14, 2012 | James Dugan Haha, that gives me an idea, on the front ask &quot;Where&#39;s Waldo?&quot;, on the back &quot;Transcended&quot; September 17, 2012 | Alice Jenkins Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website &raquo;  Author: (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: &#8595; | &#8593; All HTML will be escaped. Hyperlinks will be created for URLs automatically. Notify me of follow-up comments via email. Link an External Response Have a response on your own site?  You can either use the [ Trackback URL ] for this entry, or link to your response directly.  I want to leave a comment directly on this site &raquo; Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor.  A&E; Books - Food - Health&Fit; - Lit - Poetry - News - Sci&Tech; - Life - Sports About - RSS Feeds - Write - Advertise - Newsletter - Search - Log In - Sign Up Contact - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy Read More — Write More — Think More Want more Lunch Break? Please support us by signing up , telling your friends about LunchBreakBlog.com, becoming an advertiser , or making a donation to help keep our community growing.  Copyright &copy; 2012, The Lunch Break Blog, LLC. All rights reserved. Blog Search Engine  