  82&deg;  our cities: Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC  Photos: Austinites Burn at the 23rd Annual Hot Sauce Fest featured Pastafarian Wins The Right To Wear A Colander On His Head In Driver's License Pic Photos: Dawes' Austin City Limits Taping Photos: Cold War Kids and PAPA at Stubbs The City Might Ban Tubing on the Colorado River  Arts & Entertainment Tuesday, August 27, 2013 They Made the 'Flag Store' Take Down All Its Flags First East Side Tubes and now Hyde Park Market, or as everyone call it, " the Flag Store ." more › Aleksander Chan The City Might Ban Tubing on the Colorado River Should we go ahead and call this the final nail in the coffin of East Side Tubes? more › Aleksander Chan Monday, August 26, 2013 Photos: Cold War Kids and PAPA at Stubbs  Cold War Kids was in Austin recently to play a sold-out show at Stubbs. supported by LA based - and SXSW 2013 buzzed-about- PAPA. Austinist was there and brought back these images. more › Amy Price Monday, August 26, 2013 Photos: Austinites Burn at the 23rd Annual Hot Sauce Fest + 23 more Austinites turned out on a hot Sunday afternoon to eat some peppers, burn in some salsa, and take in some tunes at the 23rd Annual Austin Chronicle Hot Sauce Festival. more › SteveHopson Photos: Dawes' Austin City Limits Taping  Dawes performed for their first Austin City Limits taping this week to a packed audience at the Moody Theater. more › Amy Price Photos: Mondo's Jason Edmiston 'A Rogues Gallery' Opening + 8 more Mondo has never shied away from the darker side of cinema and that is especially the case with their most recent gallery opening, artist Jason Edmiston's "Rogues Gallery" featuring his hyper-detailed glossy throwback portraits of villains like Zod, The Terminator, Lo Pan, Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and...Willy Wonka, among others. more › Trent Lesikar The Trail of Lights Is Expanding to 15 Days The Trail of Lights appear to have finally been granted a reprieve from its seemingly never ending troubles. more › Aleksander Chan Saturday, August 24, 2013 On the Scene at David Chappelle's Return to the Spotlight + 10 more Funny or Die&#8217;s Oddball Comedy Festival staged its &#8220;Hello world&#8221; moment last night beneath a sultry, starlit sky in rural Austin. more › Russ Espinoza Friday, August 23, 2013 So You're Moving Into the UT Dorms... It&#8217;s back 2 school time. The kids starting moving into the dorms at UT today. more › Aleksander Chan Your Friday Afternoon Awwwwww: A Blind Rescue Puppy Gets His Sight Back Danny is a four-month-old puppy, one of 29 dogs rescued by the Austin Humane Society from a farm near Waco, and until a few days ago, he was blinded by cataracts. more › Katie Stroh Ben Stiller Wants to Make a 'Reality Bites' TV Show Ben Stiller is working with NBC to adapt his 1994 Gen-X love letter Reality Bites into a series with the film's screenwriter Helen Childress. more › Aleksander Chan Everything That Distracted Us This Week: Girls, Girls, Girls Edition All the web items we read, streamed, and tweeted about this week when we should have been working. more › Aleksander Chan Thursday, August 22, 2013 Photos: Jason Isbell's Austin City Limits Taping If you really pay attention, it can hurt to listen to Jason Isbell sing. Delivering personal and pathos-rich lyrics with an earnest and powerful voice, Isbell pulls you deep into his world of characters at crossroads and engulfs you in the emotion of those moments. Damn, his songs hit you hard enough to leave a mark. (Ouch.) more › Amy Price Gallery: 20 Vintage Photos of Austin Remember that sweet old photo of I-35 in 1957? We found more! more › Aleksander Chan Womanizing 'Single Dad' on 'Modern Dads' Has A Secret Girlfriend [UPDATED] He picks up girls buying a cake at Central Market! And next week: BookPeople! Fine. Whatever. He's single. But is he? more › Aleksander Chan Show Preview: Cold War Kids and PAPA at Stubbs Cold War Kids plays with PAPA at Stubbs tonight. Austinist will be there. more › Amy Price Wednesday, August 21, 2013 We Noticed Something About Austinot's T-Shirt Design Winner Fellow Austin bloggers Austinot held a T-shirt design contest and their winning design bears a striking resemblance to something we swear we've seen before. more › Aleksander Chan The New Austin Aquarium Might Be Evil We were so excited to hear back in June that Austin would be getting an aquarium , but it would appear that our enthusiam for regular, nearly physical (but definitely emotional) interactions with marine life was premature. more › Aleksander Chan Tuesday, August 20, 2013 Photos: Under the Sun Tour 2013 at ACL Live + 3 more The &#8220;Under the Sun&#8221; Tour rolled into ACL-Live recently for a retro step back with five groups who together formed a virtual 1990&#8217;s rock-n-roll/rhythm review, all emceed by Mark McGrath of Sugar Ray and Robin Wilson of Gin Blossoms. more › Amy Price Mac of all Trades: An Interview with Mac Blake, Fpia. Mac Blake is the Funniest Person in Austin. Objectively. Winner of this year's FPIA contest (hosted by the renowned ) and mainstay of the Austin comedy scene, the young comic has covered a lot of ground in a very short amount of time. more › Charlotte Law Monday, August 19, 2013 Watch This Guy Cover 'I Will Always Love You' and Totally Kill It We'll never truly understand how the Internet works. We've decided. Because by magic of opportunity, circumstance, aggregation, and douchebaggery, this two-year-old clip of Fort Worth musician Josh Weathers covering Whitney Houston's "I Will Always Love You" at a Dallas show has blown up . more › Aleksander Chan The City Closed Down the Trail to East Side Tubes If you want to find a roundabout way to shut down a business that may or may not be inviting an unsavory element to the formerly secret Secret Beach, then you cut off its main artery and time it so that the story drops on a Friday afternoon, when most people won't notice. more › Aleksander Chan Photos: The Air Sex World Championship + 14 more Last Saturday night, Austin's North Door hosted the Air Sex World Championship.  more › SteveHopson Friday, August 16, 2013 Bradley Cooper Joins the Lance Armstrong Biopic Insanity For a minute, it seemed like High Fidelity director Stephen Frears' project with Ben Foster for the Armstrong role was the leading contender, but now poor, Oscar-nominated Bradley Cooper has gone and thrown his hat covering the well-manicured hair into the ring. more › Aleksander Chan Everything That Distracted Us This Week: Katy Perry Is Part Of Us Edition All the web items we read, streamed, and tweeted about this week when we should have been working. more › Aleksander Chan Thursday, August 15, 2013 Watch: Your Bar Mitzvah Definitely Wasn't As Crazy-Awesome As This Kid's Sam Horowitz knows a thing or two about becoming a man . more › Aleksander Chan Wednesday, August 14, 2013 Photos: Monte Montgomery's Birthday Bash at Antones Monte Montgomery's Birthday Bash provided multiple reasons for celebration: first for his natal day (of course), then for the collection of amazing musicians he brings together. more › Amy Price Tuesday, August 13, 2013 How to Help With the 'Greetings From Austin' Mural Restoration You've probably taken photos in front of the "Greetings From Austin" mural on South First. Why wouldn't you? It looks great. more › Aleksander Chan Texas Monthly Put Johnny Manziel on Their September Cover As a Superhero Editor Jake Silverstein explains that Manziel is the "Aggies' Superman," one who "single-handedly carried the Aggies into the national spotlight." more › Aleksander Chan Monday, August 12, 2013 Photos: Train, The Script and Gavin DeGraw at Austin 360 Amphitheater + 2 more Train was in town at the Austin 360 Amphitheater headlining a sold-out show that featured supporting performances from Gavin McGraw and The Script. more › Amy Price Photos From the Elliott Smith Tribute Show + 20 more "No Name #1: A Celebration of the Life and Music of Elliott Smith" made its way to Austin on Friday night, selling out the Scottish Rite Theater and treating fans to a to a two and a half-hour set of the prolific songwriter's tunes. more › Daniel Cavazos Your Monday Afternoon Smile: Dog Yoga We just stumbled across this ridiculous, adorable video of a session of dog yoga. That's right. Dog yoga. more › Katie Stroh Giveaway: Tickets to My Bloody Valentine, This Friday (CLOSED) We've got the perfect surprise plans for Friday: take in My Bloody Valentine at Austin Music Hall. The pioneers of shoegaze released their third album, m b v , to universal acclaim at the beginning of this year. Don't miss your chance to catch it live! more › Sponsor Friday, August 9, 2013 Walter White Was At The LBJ Museum Bryan Cranston visited Austin's LBJ Presidential Library this week to prepare for the role of President Johnson. more › Katie Stroh Everything That Distracted Us This Week: Joaquin Phoenix Loves Siri Edition All the web items we read, streamed, and tweeted about this week when we should have been working. more › Aleksander Chan Does Secret Beach Have A Bro Problem? That's what some east Austin neighborhood associations are saying. more › Aleksander Chan The 'Friday Night Lights' Movie Script is Finished And Connie Britton has it. "I have the script for a potential movie spin-off of FNL . I think it&#8217;s just a matter of finding a time when everyone can do it." more › Aleksander Chan Sponsored Video: Don't Lie, You Know Nothing Says Pre-Game Like Smirnoff Ice This post is sponsored by Smirnoff Ice. It's that time of the week when you try to forget about life by tearing it up with your girls&#8212;you may as well get it started with some pregaming, right? And nothing says #PrePartay like Smirnoff Ice on ice, an artisanal cheese flight someone thought would class it up a little, and getting your annoying friend to stop tweeting everything you guys do. Next time you're spending all night safety-pinning yourself into that dress or agonizing over which eyeshadow really projects your wild energy the best, get #StraightPrimpin with Smirnoff Ice and make your pre-game count. Cheers, girl. more › Sponsor Wednesday, August 7, 2013 Pflugerville is Getting a Water Park Our neighbors to the north are getting a $21.5 million water park called Hawaiian Falls, the Statesman reports . It's projected to open spring 2014. more › Aleksander Chan Tuesday, August 6, 2013 So You're Auditioning for 'American Idol' Today Do not be discouraged by the decade of ridiculing and predatory audition rounds of the show and remember Kelly. more › Aleksander Chan Barbarella is Expanding to Houston Rejoice, fans of dancing and dancing so much you sweat through your clothes. more › Aleksander Chan Monday, August 5, 2013 Photos: Empire of the Sun at ACL Live  Empire of the Sun, the Australian electronic music duo of Luke Steele and Nick Littlemore with assorted dancers and drummers, brought their energetic, visual show to ACL Live on Thursday night.  more › SteveHopson Parting Shots: The Aztex Won the Cup! The Austin Aztex are 2013 USLPDL National Champions! They capped off their championship season with a wild 3:1 victory over the Thunder Bay Chill. Red cards, PKs, and a couple Vines of the action. more › Chad Robertson How Much Would You Pay for Johnny Manziel's Autograph? Apparently some people are paying a lot of money! more › Aleksander Chan Photos: Courtney Love, 'America's Sweetheart,' at Emo's Courtney Love and her band were at Emo's recently, with opening band Starred, as part of a multi-city summer U.S. tour. Austinist photographer Amy Price was there, and brought back these photos. more › Amy Price Photos: Futurebirds and Diarrhea Planet at The Parish Pedal steel and psych-indie twanginess combined with guitar shredding raucous punk energy? These are simply hallmarks of the contrasting yet strangely complementary Futurebirds and Diarrhea Planet show that was at The Parish last week. more › Amy Price Photos: Gladys Knight and The O'Jays Want YOU!  The ACL-Live stage played host to a bevy of Grammy winners and Rock and Roll Hall of Fame honorees when Gladys Knight and the O'Jays brought their one-two knockout R&B; review to the venue on Friday night. more › Amy Price Friday, August 2, 2013 Everything That Distracted Us This Week: Iced Coffee Nirvana Edition All the web items we read, streamed, and tweeted about this week when we should have been working. more › Aleksander Chan Thursday, August 1, 2013 Do You Have the Worst Tattoo in Austin? Prove It Remove the evidence and then you won't even have to worry about regretting: Westlake Dermatology (the fancy one with those billboards that look like pre-porn) is holding a contest to find the worst tattoo in Austin. more › Aleksander Chan   narrow   send a tip Got something to share? Let us know! From tips@austinist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive best of Best Outdoor Spots To Drink & Dine In Austin More Best of Austinist contribute Subscribe to Austinist Open external links in tabs &copy; 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .  