  
 
 
 
 Skip to main content 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Visit Colorado for your next vacation. 
 
 
 
 Flag Links 
 
 
 
 Espanol 
 Deutsch 
 Japanese 
 United Kingdom 
 Francais 
 Canadian 
 United States 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top Links 
 
 
 Order a Guide 
 eNewsletter 
 Colorado Videos 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search form 
 
 Search  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Find Upcoming Events 
 Official Visitor Information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Things To Do 
 Food &amp; Drink 
 Hotels &amp; Lodging 
 Trip Ideas 
 Colorado Map 
 Special Offers 
 Getting Here 
 Directory 
   
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts &amp; Culture   
 
 
 
 Colorado’s music, dance, theater and visual arts organizations are known for presenting popular masterpieces and innovative new works year-round. The state’s long tradition of stellar cultural events, performing arts series and art festivals ensure there are plenty of things to do and ways to be entertained during a Colorado vacation.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Top-notch museums like the Denver Art Museum, Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center and the Museum of Contemporary Art Denver give the state plenty of visual-arts cred. And large arts-and-crafts festivals like The Cherry Creek Arts Festival in Denver and the Estes Park Fine Arts and Crafts Festival lure thousands to the area, and it seems as if nearly every Colorado town has a summer showcase for local artists, as well as weekly art walks through districts filled with art galleries. 
 The sprawling Denver Performing Arts Complex is the second-largest arts campus of its kind in the nation, and it’s home to the Colorado Symphony Orchestra, Opera Colorado, Denver Center Theater Company and the Colorado Ballet — the region’s largest and most impressive resident performing arts organizations. 
 Renowned performing  art events  like The Colorado Shakespeare Festival in Boulder, the Aspen Music Festival, the Vail International Dance Festival, Boulder’s Colorado MahlerFest, the Breckenridge Music Festival and Strings Music Festival in Steamboat Springs are another aspect of our arts-and-culture prowess. What puts all of these events over the top is their location — Colorado’s gorgeous natural setting makes the best venue of all. 
 Whatever your artistic sensibility may be, a Colorado vacation offers year-round events, festivals and live music — all in majestic venues second to none. 
   
 
 
 
 
 Header Ads 
 
 Advertisements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 All Colorado Arts &amp; Culture 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Get Trip Ideas 
 
 
 Art Galleries   
 
 
 
 
 Find Businesses   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Get Trip Ideas 
 
 
 Museums   
 
 
 
 
 Find Businesses   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Get Trip Ideas 
 
 
 Performing Arts &amp; Music   
 
 
 
 
 Find Businesses   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Special Offers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30% Multi-night Summer Discount   
 Expires October 31, 2013 
 
  The longer you stay...The more you SAVE!

3-4 night stays.....SAVE 20% 
5-6 night stays.....SAVE 25%
7+ night stays......SAVE 30%  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 Military Special - Save 30%   
 Expires December 31, 2013 
 
  If you are active or retired military you can take advantage of our 30% discount on all lodging types.  It's our small way of saying thanks for servin  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 COLORADO RESIDENT DISCOUNT   
 Expires December 31, 2013 
 
  Live in Colorado? Take advantage of our Colorado Resident Staycation special and see some of the local sights you're always hearing about time, take s  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 Experience Colorado with Choice Hotels   
 Expires December 31, 2013 
 
  On your Colorado vacations and travels, experience the excitement of a Colorado Rockies game, visit the countless attractions in the metropolis of Den  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 Save up to $120 on Whitewater Rafting trips!   
 Expires September 2, 2013 
 
  15% off any whitewater rafting trip! Save $120 on a 5-Day trip. Save $9 to $22 per person on half and full day trips.  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 See All Special Offers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts &amp; Culture Trip Ideas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Denver&#039;s New History Colorado Center   
 
  The doors of the new History Colorado Center swung open in April 2012 to tell...  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Taste of Pueblo: A 1-Day Itinerary   
 
  Pueblo is a sunny playground nestled on the banks of the Arkansas River, but...  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Historic Forts in Colorado   
 
  Colorado's historic forts open a window on the 1800s, when the area was...  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A 7-Day Colorado Family Road Trip   
 
  A week is barely enough time to scratch the surface of everything Colorado...  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Family Weekend in Southwest Colorado   
 
  Take a three-day spin with the family through southwest Colorado’s rich...  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Unique Outdoor Shopping in Colorado   
 
  Want more of a unique shopping experience? Take a look at the state’s smaller...  
 
 
 Read More &raquo;   
 
 
 
 
 See All Trip Ideas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Footer 
 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook 
 Find us on Google+ 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Youtube 
 Flickr 
 Foursquare 
 Instagram 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Official Colorado Welcome Centers Meetings / Group Tours / Weddings / Reunions Tourism Associations / Convention &amp; Visitors Bureaus Study in Colorado   Industry Partners 
 Media Room 
 Film Colorado 
 Doing Business in Colorado 
 
 
 
 
 
 Plan 
 
 Interactive Map of Colorado Accommodations Attractions &amp; Entertainment Breweries Campgrounds Hot Springs   National Parks   Outdoor Activities Restaurants Shopping Ski/Winter Sports Transportation   
 
 
 
 
 Be Inspired 
 
 Trip Ideas Colorado Videos Colorado Summer Trips Colorado Articles Colorado Photos   Photo Gallery 
 
 
 
 
 
 Order a Guide 
 Get a Colorado Map 
 Download iPad Guide 
 Sign Up for eNewsletter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Official Site of Colorado Tourism &copy; 2013 Colorado Tourism Office. All rights reserved. 
 
 Contact Us  |  
 Link To Us  |  
 Privacy Policy  |  
 Sitemap 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
