 [if IE 6]><script type="text/javascript" src="http://static.dealer.com/v8/global/js/tools/no-flicker.pack.js?1356028163000"></script><div id="fixedWrap"><![endif]  Folsom Chevrolet 12655 Auto Mall Circle Folsom, CA 95630-8097 Sales: (866) 935-8872 Service: 916-985-5600  Home Inventory New Chevy Inventory Used Car Inventory Certified Used Car Inventory Affordable Inventory Under $12,500 Featured Vehicles CarFinder Reviews Value Your Trade We Buy Used Cars Virtual Showroom PureCars Trade-in Value Fleet CarFinder QuickQuote Finance Center Finance Center Finance Application Special Finance PureCars Trade-in Value Parts & Service Auto Parts Center Genuine GM Accessories Parts Order Form Car Repair & Service Center Service Appointment Service Specials Specials New Specials Used Car Specials Fleet Specials Finance Specials Service Specials Featured Vehicles PureCars Trade-in Value Dealership About Us Dealership History Contact Us News Staff Testimonials Employment Our Goal Directions From Sacramento Directions FAQs  Folsom Chevy Dealer in the Folsom Auto Mall - Chevrolet dealer of new and used cars in the Sacramento Valley!    Search Inventory New Pre-Owned Certified Vehicles Under 10K Search by Year Search by Make Search by Model Search by Body Style Search by Mileage Search by Price Featured Vehicles Finance Parts &amp; Service New Inventory Used Car Inventory  News Introducing Buck Saver and Sam The Afford-a-Bull Welcome to Folsom Chevrolet       Folsom Chevrolet - New 201 4 & Used Chevy Dealership Serving the Sacramento, CA Region  Northern California's premier Chevrolet dealership, Folsom Chevy resides in the Folsom Automall in the beautiful Sacramento Valley! Thank you for considering Folsom Chevrolet for your new 2013 -2014  Chevrolet or used car purchase. We know your time is valuable, which is why our website is designed to provide what we call "Full Disclosure." By this, we simply mean that on one simple inventory page, you can find nearly every important detail for the new car or used vehicle that you are researching. We have the Sacramento area's best trained and most committed staff to ensure that every part of your buying experience goes smoothly. Come visit our showroom and check out the new 2013-2014 Chevrolet Silverado, Camaro, Corvette, Tahoe,  Malibu, Chevy Volt or take one of our quality used cars for a test drive. our Chevy dealership just a short distance from Roseville, Auburn, Elk Grove and the Sacramento Valley . Are you interested in saving some money and buying a used car? Folsom Chevy has a wide variety of used cars in the Sacramento area from many of today's top auto manufacturers. We encourage you to browse our used car inventory page to see what we have in stock. Our used cars go through thorough inspections by our service and repair center to ensure that vehicle you buy is "like-new." New Chevy Dealer in Sacramento - Folsom Chevrolet - Serving Roseville, Auburn, Elk Grove & the Sacramento Valley Our auto financing department specializes in finding the best auto loan or car lease available for you. Whether you are a first time buyer, have bad credit or are interested in taking advantage of special financing offers, our finance department can find a loan for you. Applications can be filled out online or we can walk you through the process step by step by calling (800) 924-3895 . Our fully-stocked Chevrolet parts & accessories department carries a huge inventory of Chevy OEM car or truck parts as well as car care products for both standard and high performance vehicles. They also provide an extended selection of truck accessories (including rims, tires, custom parts, truck bed liners/pick up truck supplies and more) along with the latest in new and classic Chevy apparel to buy. Our auto repair and service department offers top ASE Certified and Chevrolet factory trained technicians to ensure your Chevrolet car repair needs are completed on time while maintaining the highest standards of quality and service. Be sure and check our latest promotions to find money savings coupons. All of the new cars in our inventory boast several large pictures of thevehicle as it appears at the dealership. Each individual car page also includes a payment calculator, the ability to apply for an auto loan or lease in Sacramentoand the option to email the automobile you desire to purchase to a friend for viewing. Every car inventory page for our GM certified used cars also contains a direct link to view its Carfax report (a $29.99 savings to you vs. buying a report at Carfax.com). Folsom Chevrolet alsoprovides the ability to research the Kelley Blue Bookvalue of each used car, truck, minivan or SUV without leaving our website. This is also a valuable free resource to estimate the trade-in value of your automobile. If you cant find the particular vehicle your looking for, be sure to use our CarFinder tool and complete the form. We will gladly inform you when a matching car arrives. If you'd like a see a vehicle in person, visit us at 12655 Auto Mall Circle , Folsom , CA , or give us a call. Our Chevy dealership is pleased to serve Roseville, Auburn Elk Grove and the greater Sacramento Valley.      ©Kelley Blue Book is a register trademark of 1995-2007 ©Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. and is not associated with this dealership. ©Carfax is a register trademark of Copyright © 1996 - 2007, CARFAX, Inc. and is not associated with this dealership.  Website by Dealer.com Folsom Chevrolet 12655 Auto Mall Circle Folsom ,  CA 95630-8097  Directions Contact Us Resources Privacy Sitemap  [if IE 6]></div><![endif] 