 Home Free Money Interest Rates Roth IRA Mortgage Rates Credit Card Offers Subscribe Cash Money Life | Personal Finance, Investing, &amp; Career You are here: Home &raquo; Money Management &raquo; Should You Sell Your Car or Trade it In? Should You Sell Your Car or Trade it In? by Ryan Guina My wife and I are looking for a more family friendly vehicle, and we will need to get rid of one of our current vehicles when we buy a new one. The good news is, we aren&#8217;t in a rush to either buy a car or sell a car, so we have time to do the research and make the best decision for our needs. This isn&#8217;t always the case if you are in a rush to buy a car &#8211; for example, your vehicle is totaled in an accident, or if it is stolen. But since we have time, we closely examining our options. Should you trade in your vehicle or sell it privately? Before you go out and buy a new vehicle, you should consider what you are going to do with the vehicle you are replacing. The two easiest ways are to sell it to the dealership when you buy your new car, or sell it to a private individual. How much is your used car worth? Before deciding what to do with your car, you should get a good idea of the value. In my opinion, the best place to go for used vehicle prices is Kelly Blue Book . They have a great price engine that analyzes local and nationwide vehicle sales to give you a rough valuation based on your vehicle&#8217;s condition. The cool part of the KBB car values is that they show average prices for trade-in values, private party sales, suggested retail vale (buying the car from a dealership), and Certified Pre-owned vehicles (again from a dealership). What you will find is that the Certified Pre-Owned vehicles usually have the highest values for a specific model, followed by the suggested retail value, private party sales, then the trade-in value. The trade-in value is the lowest because the dealerships need to clen/prep the car for sale, then make a profit. The Certified Pre-owned vehicles usually have the highest prices because they have been certified against manufacturer checklists to meet certain quality levels. Pros and cons of private sales Pros. You can usually get the best price if you sell your used car to another individual as opposed to trading it in or selling it to a dealer. It can often be easier to negotiate with an individual and on your own time line versus negotiating with a dealership on a short time line. Cons. Selling your car privately can be a hassle. It take a time and energy to sell your car. You will need to take pictures of it, write down the specs and other details, list it online or in the classified ads, and be ready to answer numerous phone calls and questions. Then you have to deal with test drives, negotiations, etc. You also need to be aware of potential scams or thieves (some people who take you car for a test drive may never return). Tips for selling your car privately. Be prepared to be flexible on the price and with your availability to let people look at it. Only accept cash or a cashier&#8217;s check from a local bank. Craigslist is a great place to list your car for free. You can also list your car on Ebay, but be prepared to pay a listing fee. Depending on your vehicle, it may be worth paying the listing fee. Be on the lookout for scams! High ticket items are a target for online scams. Be careful accepting money orders or checks from someone over the internet unless it is someone you know and trust. Another popular scam is someone buying the car or other high ticket item and requesting you to ship it. The buyers will often offer to send you a check for more than your asking price to cover shipping and &#8220;your time.&#8221; They have your car or other item by the time you find out the check was fake. Pros and cons of trading in your used vehicle Pros. The biggest benefit to trading in your car is saving time and the hassle of selling your vehicle by yourself. However, there may also be tax benefits for trading in your car . Basically, the total transaction is worked out that you can subtract the value of your trade-in from the purchase price of your new vehicle and you pay taxes on the final price. So if your new car costs $25,000 and your trade-in nets you $15,000, you only pay taxes on $10,000. Depending on your state&#8217;s tax rates, that could save you close to $1,000 on taxes. Cons. You may get less for your trade-in than if you sell it privately. Even with the tax breaks mentioned above, you may find that you will still make more money by selling it on your own. It&#8217;s best to run the numbers to see what you would have to be able to sell it for privately to make it worth your time and energy. In come cases it will be close, and in others there is a clear advantage to selling it on your own. Tips for trading in your used vehicle. Negotiate trade in price separately from the purchase price of your new(er) vehicle. A favorite dealership trick is to complicate negotiations by negotiating both the purchase price of the vehicle you are buying, and your trade-in at the same time. You should also thoroughly clean and detail your car before taking it to the dealership for a trade-in. A clean car may get you a better price. Do you have any tips for either selling your vehicle privately, or for getting the most value on your trade-in? Related Articles: How to Sell Your Car on Craigslist How My Neighbor Just Bought His New Car Save Time and Money by Trading in Your Car 8 Car Buying Tips How to Sell Your Home in a Buyer&#8217;s Market  Published or updated February 28, 2011. Print or e-mail this article:  Article by  Ryan Guina Ryan is the founder and editor of Cash Money Life. He is a writer, small business owner, entrepreneur, and professional in the corporate world. He served over 6 years in the USAF and also writes about military money topics at The Military Wallet . Free updates! Do you like what you're reading? Then please consider leaving a comment below, subscribing to our RSS feed , or signing up for our FREE newsletter . { 9 comments&#8230; read them below or add one } 1 Blair MacGregor Timely article Ryan. I&#8217;m actually wrestling with this decision right now; I bought myself a nicer car a few months ago but I need more cash available to put into my business so I&#8217;m thinking of selling it and going out &amp; picking up a cheap car that I can just pay cash for. The one dynamic that&#8217;s different from the other times I&#8217;ve bought/sold cars is that this is the first car I actually took out a loan on; I&#8217;m sure this would probably make the selling it yourself route an even bigger hassle, but I&#8217;m going to have to do some more research. -B Reply 2 Ryan Having a loan makes a difference on whether or not you can sell it privately or trade it in. It&#8217;s hard to sell it privately if you are upside down on the loan, unless you have the cash to make up the difference. Best of luck with your decision and your business venture! Reply 3 Smarter Spend Let me tell you: never trade in your car. Dealers will do almost anything to low ball you and drive down what they are paying for. I have 2 car dealers in the family and sometimes I am amazed at how much they pay for trades: almost aways 50% of the car&#8217;s value. Reply 4 Kyle C. Speaking from extremely recent experience, as in Friday of last week, it was a ton better to sell my car privately. Both the dealer and CarMax were only willing to give me $4000.00 on trade. I was able to list it privately and get it sold within 3 days for $6000.00. That was $2k more than I would have got at the trade in and well worth the hassle of driving out to meet somebody for a test drive. Reply 5 Ryan Thanks for sharing, Kyle. I&#8217;m pretty sure this is the route we are going to go. KBB lists a $2,000 difference between trade-in and private party value and I wouldn&#8217;t be surprised if the actual difference ends up being more. Reply 6 Daddy Paul Selling the car privately is a good deal for the buyer as well as the seller. I found putting the car up for sale down at the corner (bring it home nightly) is the best way. I get too many fruitcakes from craigslist and the local paper. Reply 7 Ryan We&#8217;re going to have to go the Craigslist route. Unfortunately, we don&#8217;t have a good place nearby we can park our car for the day. Reply 8 Milliver's Travels My husband and I are having this exact conversation right now. I want to free up some extra money on the monthly budget to help pay down credit cards more quickly. The fastest way I can see of doing that is by getting rid of (or at least lowering) the highest of our two car payments. We ran the numbers in the blue book and compared it to what people are asking for our make and model on a popular car-selling site in our state. It looks like we could pay off our car loan plus have several thousand left over for a down payment on a vehicle with a lower monthly payment. That would really be worth the extra time it takes to sell privately. It was great to come here afterward and see our thoughts confirmed (about the reasons not to go for a trade-in deal). It was also helpful being reminded that the old car parked at corner trick is still good. Our neighbors sold their car by parking it in the front yard with the bonnet pointed at passing traffic—and we live on a fairly quite street. Reply 9 Ryan Milliver, you could save even more money each month if you were to take the few grand you get after selling your car and use that to purchase a used car instead of using it as a down payment. That would likely free up several hundred more dollars per month which can be directed toward credit card and other debt. It means driving a lesser car for awhile, but it will save you interest on credit cards and interest on a car loan. Then you can buy a nicer car once you pay off your credit cards. Either choice you make will probably end up being better in the long run because you will repay your debt more quickly &#8211; which is the first step toward financial freedom! Reply Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website  you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Previous post: Carnival of Financial Planning &#8211; Edition #140 Next post: 8 Tips to Help You Make a Major Financial Decision . Follow Us! E-mail Updates Categories Banking Career and Education Credit Cards Credit Scores Family &amp; Home Insurance Investing Money Management Saving Money Small Business Taxes   Recent Posts What You Wear Matters &#8230; When You Shop Health Reimbursement Account Benefits &#8211; What You Need to Know Forget about Lying on Your Resume: Would You Hire a Fake Reference? Income Tax Deductions Ain’t What they Used to Be Types of Insurance Homeowners Need Most Popular How to Become A Millionaire Where to Open a Roth IRA Roth IRA vs Traditional IRA Ways to Save Money Dave Ramsey’s Baby Steps Netflix free trial Blockbuster vs. Netflix 0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Gas Rewards Credit Cards  Money Management Tips Best FREE Online Money Management Tools How to Make a Budget Create a Cash Flow Statement Create Net Worth Statement How We Manage Our Money Why You Need an Emergency Fund  About | Archives | Contact | Sitemap | Copyright &copy; Cash Money Life 2007 - 2013 All Rights Reserved  Disclaimer: The content on this site is for informational and entertainment purposes only and is not professional financial advice. References to third party products, rates, and offers may change without notice. Please visit the referenced site for current information. We may receive compensation through affiliate or advertising relationships from products mentioned on this site. However, we do not accept compensation for positive reviews; all reviews on this site represent the opinions of the author. Privacy Policy . [if lte IE 8]><div id="ie_clear"></div><![endif] 