 Home Living Here Quality of Life Neighborhoods Cost of Living Climate Health Care Education (K-12) Young Professionals All-America City Award Relocating to St. Louis Pet-Friendly Region Professional and College Sports Recreation &amp; Outdoors Golf Courses Parks Cycling Outdoors Country Clubs Arts &amp; Entertainment Attractions Cultural Events Museums Famous St. Louisans Business Snapshot Our Advantage Business Overview Business Climate Location and Economic Diversity Success Stories Economic Overview St. Louis Companies Fortune 1000 Companies Major Employers Publicly Traded Companies International Firms Industry Clusters Advanced Medical Technology Plant &amp; Medical Sciences Advanced Manufacturing Information Technology Transportation &amp; Distribution Financial Services Entrepreneurship Venture Capital Resources for Entrepreneurs 50K for Startups Facts &amp; Figures Regional Locations and Expansions 2012 Regional Locations and Expansions 2011 Regional Locations and Expansions 2010 Regional Locations and Expansions 2009 Regional Locations and Expansions 2008 Regional Locations and Expansions 2007 Regional and County Profiles Greater St. Louis Area Illinois Counties Missouri Counties Regional ED Network Population and Demographics Population Breakdowns Household and Income Breakdown Education Levels By Persons 25 and Older Work Force and Training Work Force Characteristics Wage Rates Employment by Industry State Training Programs Education Colleges and Universities Community Colleges Vocational Technical Schools Transportation and Infrastructure Transportation Advantages Port of Metropolitan St. Louis Area Map Utilities Telecommunications Construction Costs Ratings and Rankings Doing Business Area Companies Transportation Research &amp; Development Health Care Education Quality of Life Regional Map Room Regional Map Room - County Maps Documents Library Sites &amp; Buildings Sites &amp; Buildings LEED Certified Construction and Design Taxes and Incentives Greater St. Louis Taxes Illinois Taxes Corporate and Franchise Taxes Property Taxes Sales Taxes Personal Income Taxes Missouri Taxes Corporate and Franchise Taxes Property Taxes Sales Taxes Personal Income Taxes Illinois Incentive Programs Business Recruitment and Economic Incentive Programs Energy and Recycling Programs Financing Programs Public Infrastructure Programs Redevelopment Programs Workforce Training Programs Missouri Incentive Programs Business Recruitment and Economic Incentive Programs Energy and Recycling Programs Financing Programs Public Infrastructure Programs Redevelopment Programs Workforce Training Programs News &amp; Media Greater St. Louis in the News 2012 In the News Archives 2011 In the News Archives 2010 In the News Archives 2009 In the News Archives 2008 In the News Archives 2007 In the News Archives 2006 In the News Archives 2005 In the News Archives Multimedia and Print Ads "In all of America..." Video Best and Brightest Video Brand Animation Impressions from St. Louisans Documents Library About Us Leadership Institute 2013 Leadership Institute 2012 Leadership Institute 2011 Leadership Institute 2010 Leadership Institute 2009 Leadership Institute 2008 Leadership Institute 2007 Staff Directory - Contact Us Board of Trustees Investors Investors by Industry Performance Metrics Our Services Site Selection Assistance Information and Research Support Regional Economic Development Network Quality of Life Professional and College Sports Recreation &amp; Outdoors Arts &amp; Entertainment &#8226; Attractions &#8226; Cultural Events &#8226; Museums &#8226; Famous St. Louisans Lowest Cost of Living Among Top 20 Metro Areas [if IE]>//pad 10px for IE to compensate box model difference<div style="height:10px;width:100%" /><![endif]  Arts &amp; Entertainment When it comes to entertainment, St. Louis area residents&rsquo; options are plentiful, diverse and world-renowned. The St. Louis Zoo is one of only three free zoos in the nation and one ofAmerica'stop 10 (according to Travel &amp; Leisure Magazine). And the Magic House-St. Louis&rsquo; Children&rsquo;s Museum , was ranked by Family Fun Magazine in 2004 as the No. 1 most appealing national attraction for children, beating out even Disneyland and Disney&rsquo;s Magic Kingdom. Forest Park , which is about 60 percent larger than New York&rsquo;s Central Park, is home to the Saint Louis Art Museum , one of the top 10 comprehensive art museums in the country and one of the best-attended on a per-capita basis. The park&rsquo;s Municipal Opera , or Muny, the nation&rsquo;s oldest and largest outdoor theater, offers more than 12,000 seats for classic operas and musicals. The park is also the site of the Missouri History Museum and the Saint Louis Science Center , which is fourth in the nationfor the number of people it serves. And the nearby Missouri Botanical Garden , a national historic landmark, is one of the most beautiful and scientifically significant botanical gardens in the world. A cradle of the blues, St. Louis is the home of such musical figures as Miles Davis, Chuck Berry, Albert King, Ike and Tina Turner and John Hartford. An impressive lineup of national and local musical entertainment from all genres performs throughout the region on a nightly basis, and the internationally acclaimed Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra regularly serves up exciting music in the plush Powell Symphony Hall. Fox Theater , is located in the eight-block, Grand Center national historic district and features popular performers and Broadway musicals. The Fox seats 4,500 and is known for its lavish interior, which was decorated by movie baron William Fox's wife, Eve Leo, in the 1920's. The Peabody Opera House celebrated a grand re-opening in September 2011 following a $78.7 million restoration. Peabody seats 3,100 in its main theater and boasts more than 20,000 square feet of private event space. In 2007, several St. Louis art museums were named to the critics pick of Outstanding Art Venues by Artforum magazine. The venues named include the Saint Louis Art Museum, the Contemporary Art Museum, Laumeier Sculpture Park , Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum, The Pulitzer Foundation for the Arts,and the Saint Louis University Museum of Art. Click here to read &ldquo;101 Things You Must Know About St. Louis: Things to Do, Places to Go and Other Great Stuff&rdquo; that appeared in St. Louis Commerce , June 2007. The St. Louis Convention &amp; Visitors Commission also offers"must-see" suggestions in its "25 Things to Do in St. Louis" list. SECTION LINKS Attractions Cultural Events Museums Famous St. Louisans &#160; Home | Site Map | Contact Us | Economic Development | About Chamber Site Search &#160; &#160; St. Louis Regional Chamber One Metropolitan Square, Suite 1300, St. Louis, MO 63102 Telephone (314) 231-5555 | Fax (314) 206-3244 &copy;2013 The Regional Chamber. All rights reserved. &#160; 