  Home Air Quality Customer Service e-Edition Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe My Account Edit Profile Logout  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home Local Scene Theater Contests Movies TV Listings TV Week Music Food  Hot Topics High School Football AHCF Funding Harner Ousted West Nile Welcome to Cumberland County 2013 Photo Reprints Home / The Scene / Theater Play recalls TV hit’s biting humor in PYMT production  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  2012-05-10T15:04:00Z Play recalls TV hit’s biting humor in PYMT production By Barbara Trainin Blank, Sentinel Correspondent The Sentinel May 10, 2012 3:04 pm &bull; By Barbara Trainin Blank, Sentinel Correspondent (0) Comments Show times and tickets "M*A*S*H" has two performances: 7:30 p.m. Thursday and Friday, May 24-25, at Rubendall Recital Hall of the Weiss Center of the Arts at Dickins&hellip; Read more Evan Brubaker has undertaken few heavy roles — Riff, a gang leader, in “West Side Story” (with Pennsylvania Youth Music and Theatrics), and Peter, the love interest, in “The Diary of Anne Frank” (Open Stage of Harrisburg). Now he gets to play a wise guy. Brubaker is Hawkeye, a physician with a mobile army surgical unit during the Korean War in PYMT’s production of “M*A*S*H.” The character was played by Donald Sutherland in the 1970 feature film and immortalized by Alan Alda in the long-running TV series later. “What I like about Hawkeye is that he’s always ‘fresh,’” says Brubaker. At the same time, the character is “very serious. He doesn’t allow people to push around his friends. Those who do ... always get a mouthful, and he almost always wins.” The formula of “M*A*SH” was a winning one, as well. Some people think it first started with the immensely popular TV show — part medical drama and part comedy — which was developed by Larry Gelbart and ran from 1972 to 1983 (and in re-runs). But first came a 1968 novel by Richard Hooker and later a stage play by Tim Kelly. “The play is like the book, the movie, and the first season of the TV show,” says Steve Gray, PYMT’s artistic director. “There were a lot of characters in the book, and that number was pared down after the first season. You can’t have seven leads in a show.” Even so, the play has about 30 parts — with lines spread out among all of them. Brubaker decided to audition for the show because of his affection for the TV series. He had been “impressed” with Alda’s performance — and the “many layers he brought.” Madison Folsom had no firsthand knowledge of the television program, the movie or the book. But many people in her family had watched TV’s “M*A*S*H” and wanted her to try out in the hope she’d land the part of tough-but-sexy Major Margaret (Hot Lips) Houlihan. “When Steve called to say I’d be Margaret, I screamed so loud,” she laughs. “I really like the character of Hot Lips, because I have lots of room to act in this part.” Folsom has played a loving and motherly character (Truvy, in “Steel Magnolias”), a maid on a sinking ship (“Titanic”), and a hyperactive teenager (in “Camp Rock”) but never portrayed anyone like Hot Lips. “She’s direct and straightforward, proper, and even sometimes mean,” Folsom says. “Her lines of dialogue are really sarcastic and snappy. And there are lots of lines. It’s a challenge to really tackle the part and pull off the Hot Lips attitude.” One of the tough parts of putting the production together, Gray admits, is that the young actors have “little knowledge” about the historical period. “I have to keep telling them this was the ‘50s, so they have to think, what would their character do and say in 1951. But the early “M*A*S*H” episodes were “funny and crude, and the characters played tricks on each other,” he adds. At least one of the actors is learning the contemporary military experience first hand. Caleb Boullianne, who plays Col. Blake, enlisted in the Army National Guard a week after performing King Arthur in PYMT’s production of “Camelot.” The Carlisle Area High School senior has been going to training once a month, for weekend drills before entering basic training. “What drove me was to do something that would make an impact and serve my country but would keep me a civilian soldier,” says Boullianne, who will serve for eight years. Performing in “MASH” reflects his desire to “do one more show” before starting that training. It can’t hurt that Caleb is intrigued by the character he plays. Blake is Army but “unorthodox Army,” says the actor. “He has authority as an officer, but he’s nonchalant about it. You can tell he’s a doctor before he’s a soldier. Doctoring is a passion.” At the same time, Blake is sarcastic, even abrasive, Boullianne adds. “There’s humor in his conflict with Hawkeye and Col. Frank Burns — they get under his skin and don’t get along with each other. He wanted two more MASH surgeons, and he got these two.” Tags Punctuation , Typography , Entertainment_culture , M A S H , Evan Brubaker , Alan Alda , Steve Gray , Margaret , Caleb Boullianne , Donald Sutherland , Television Program , Hawkeye , Larry Gelbart , Riff , Biting Humor , Harrisburg , Theatrics , Gang Leader , Pennsylvania Youth Music , Physician , Hot Lips , Richard Hooker , Tim Kelly , Artistic Director , Army National Guard , Steel Magnolias , Major , Camp Rock , Maid , Colonel , Tackle , King , National Guard , Carlisle Area High School , Actor , Frank Burns , Officer View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. Add Comment You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Theater stories Theater: Dreaming big and reaching for love Art: Visiting art in the wild CPYB begins first artist-in-residence program Theater: Summertime, and most theater is musical Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 The Sentinel. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Follow The Sentinel Facebook The Sentinel on Facebook Twitter The Sentinel on Twitter Follow @cumberlink Pinterest The Sentinel on Pinterest Email Get email updates from The Sentinel Email Updates RSS Follow The Sentinel via RSS RSS Feeds Entertainment Calendar Entertainment calendar Entertainment Calendar Entertainment Calendar Entertainment Calendar Entertainment Calendar Movie Search Zip code: miles: 5 10 15 20 25  Services About Us Advertise With Us Find Carlisle jobs Contact Us Order photo reprints Subscriber services &copy; Copyright 2013, The Sentinel , 457 E. North Street Carlisle, PA | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Carlisle Apartments Carlisle Attorneys Carlisle Auto Dealers Carlisle Auto Parts Carlisle Auto Repair Carlisle Beauty Salons Carlisle Car Rental Carlisle Dentists Carlisle Doctors Carlisle Flowers Carlisle Hotels Carlisle Insurance Carlisle Loans Carlisle Mortgages Carlisle Movers Carlisle Pizza Carlisle Realtors Carlisle Restaurants Carlisle Storage Carlisle Tax Preparation Carlisle Travel More Carlisle&hellip; Mechanicsburg Apartments Mechanicsburg Attorneys Mechanicsburg Auto Dealers Mechanicsburg Auto Parts Mechanicsburg Auto Repair Mechanicsburg Beauty Salons Mechanicsburg Car Rental Mechanicsburg Dentists Mechanicsburg Doctors Mechanicsburg Flowers Mechanicsburg Hotels Mechanicsburg Insurance Mechanicsburg Loans Mechanicsburg Mortgages Mechanicsburg Movers Mechanicsburg Pizza Mechanicsburg Realtors Mechanicsburg Restaurants Mechanicsburg Storage Mechanicsburg Tax Preparation Mechanicsburg Travel More Mechanicsburg&hellip; Newville Apartments Newville Attorneys Newville Auto Dealers Newville Auto Parts Newville Auto Repair Newville Beauty Salons Newville Car Rental Newville Dentists Newville Doctors Newville Flowers Newville Hotels Newville Insurance Newville Loans Newville Mortgages Newville Movers Newville Pizza Newville Realtors Newville Restaurants Newville Storage Newville Tax Preparation Newville Travel More Newville&hellip; Mt Holly Springs Apartments Mt Holly Springs Attorneys Mt Holly Springs Auto Dealers Mt Holly Springs Auto Parts Mt Holly Springs Auto Repair Mt Holly Springs Beauty Salons Mt Holly Springs Car Rental Mt Holly Springs Dentists Mt Holly Springs Doctors Mt Holly Springs Flowers Mt Holly Springs Hotels Mt Holly Springs Insurance Mt Holly Springs Loans Mt Holly Springs Mortgages Mt Holly Springs Movers Mt Holly Springs Pizza Mt Holly Springs Realtors Mt Holly Springs Restaurants Mt Holly Springs Storage Mt Holly Springs Tax Preparation Mt Holly Springs Travel More Mt Holly Springs&hellip; Featured &times; Join the conversation Login Signup Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with cumberlink.com account: Email &amp; Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait&hellip; Login   Domain: cumberlink.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 3:45:26 pm 