 MBCMail MyMBC Directories About Academics Admissions Campus Life Community News request info apply give About MBC Home Basic Information Arts Baldwin Voices and Stories Close to Campus Heifetz International Music Institute Key Facts Message from the President Only at Baldwin Our History Regional Centers Traditions Administration Office of the President Business Office Executive Leadership Registrar Resources College Calendar Contact Us Employment Facilities Rentals Historical Archive Safety and Security Visit MBC Academics home Schools of Excellence Arts, Humanities, and Renaissance Studies Education, Health, and Social Work Science Social Sciences, Business, and Global Studies Undergraduate Adult Degree Program College for Women Early College Early College Academy  Program for the Exceptionally Gifted Undergraduate Curriculum Graduate Graduate Teacher Education Murphy Deming College of Health Sciences Shakespeare and Performance Five-Year Programs BA/Master of Arts in Teaching BA/Master of Letters in Shakespeare and Performance Pre-Professional and Certificates BSN Completion Certificate Programs Dual Degree Program in Engineering Pre-Law Pre-Medical and Allied Health Fields Teacher Licensure Resources Academic Catalog Blackboard College Calendar Disabilities Services Faculty Websites Grafton Library Office of Inclusive Excellence Office of Information Technology Regional Centers Registrar Spencer Center for Civic and Global Engagement Tutoring Writing Center Opportunities Civic and Global Engagement First Year Experience Honors Program Honor Societies Internships Lecture Series May Term Office of the Chaplain Student Research Study Abroad Summer at MBC Admissions home Undergraduate Adult Degree Program College for Women Early College Early College Academy  Program for the Exceptionally Gifted International Students Transfer Students Graduate Graduate Teacher Education Murphy Deming College of Health Sciences Shakespeare and Performance Resources Apply Costs and Financial Aid Disabilities Services First Year Experience Online Tour Safety and Security Scholarship Calculator Visit Mary Baldwin Youniversity Video Tour Opportunities Arts Athletics Civic and Global Engagement Faith and Spiritual Life Honors Program Office of Inclusive Excellence Leadership Gateways Study Abroad Summer at MBC VWIL Cadet Corps Campus Life Opportunities Arts Athletics Close to Campus Clubs and Organizations Spiritual Life Student Government Student Media Traditions Resources Academic Support Blackboard Bookstore College Calendar Dining Services Events Calendar Grafton Library Honor System MBC TV Schedule myMBC MBC Announcements Student Handbook Tutoring Student Support Career Services Community Service First Year Experience Health and Counseling Services Office of the Chaplain Office of Inclusive Excellence Office of Information Technology Residence Life Safety and Security Student Activities MBCNews Top Stories All News ... Resources College Calendar Communication and Public Affairs Heifetz International Music Institute Historical Archive Key Facts MBC In the News News Archives Press Releases Press Room Sports News Style Guide (PDF) Publications Academic Catalog Cupola Connect Outrageous Fortune The Cupola Now The Magazine Community MBC Community Accepted Students Advisory Board of Visitors Alumnae/i Current Students Donors Employers Faculty and Staff Parents On the Web Baldwin Blogs Contact Us Facebook Faculty Websites Foursquare Flickr Photostream LinkedIn MBC Announcements RSS Twitter YOUniversity Video Tour YouTube Giving Donors Ever Ahead Campaign Giving Home Give Online Giving Staff Arts Home Hunt Gallery Dance Events Music at MBC Fletcher Collins Theatre UPCOMING EVENTS Arts Calendar (PDF) View All Events MAJORS IN THE ARTS Art History Arts Management Studio Art Theatre Music GRADUATE PROGRAMS Shakespeare and Performance <div itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/EducationalOrganization" class="contact_schema"> <span itemprop="name"><a href="http://www.mbc.edu/compa/" itemprop="url"></a></span> <span itemprop="telephone">540-887-7009</span> <a href="mailto:compa@mbc.edu" itemprop="email">compa@mbc.edu</a> </div> The Arts at MBC Art Located in the lower east wing of Hunt Dining Hall, Hunt Gallery presents five professional exhibitions each academic year. The gallery exhibits contemporary work by professional artists of emerging or established, regional or national/international reputation. Featured artists’ style range from abstract to classical, reflecting a wide variety of media and artistic intentions. Toward the end of each semester and throughout May Term, student work is displayed in the gallery. All exhibits are free and open to the public. For information on upcoming gallery events, visit the website or call 540-887-7196. Dance Mary Baldwin offers students and the community many opportunities to take part in and enjoy a variety of dance programs. Contra Dances are held the third Saturday of each month and are open to the community. A 30-minute beginner workshop is held half an hour before each dance. The MBC Performing Dance Group is a faculty-directed ensemble focusing on folk, historical, modern, and ballroom dance. It gives two main dance performances and presents programs and dance workshops for local schools and community groups. The student-directed MBC Dance Company performs at basketball games, in parades, at the fall pep rally, and ends the year with a spring student showcase. For students interested in spiritual dance, the Greater Things Dance Ministry seeks to promote spiritual growth through African-American dance. For more information on dances open to the community or student performances, contact the dance department at 540-887-7162 or visit their website . Music Take advantage of concerts featuring professionals, faculty, staff, and students in genres ranging from folk to classical, jazz to liturgical. The Carl Broman Concert Series has been bringing professional musicians to the MBC campus since 1979. Faculty and staff showcase their talent in the Sunday Recital Series. The Mary Baldwin College Choir, open to all students by audition, performs at Founders Day, Christmas Cheer, and other campus events as well as hosting concerts of its own. Anointed Voices of Praise is MBC’s student-directed, traveling, music ministry of traditional and contemporary gospel music. For a cappella lovers, MBC is home to two a cappella groups, the Madrigal Singers and Baldwin Charm. The Madrigal singers perform beautiful madrigal chamber music, while Baldwin Charm sings today’s popular tunes with their own exciting flair. Additional information is available by calling the MBC music department at 540-887-7294. The Broman and Sunday Recital Season schedules are also online. Theatre The Fletcher Collins Theatre, located on the bottom floor of Deming Fine Arts Center, plays host to five or more student productions a year. This versatile and intimate black box theatre hosts dramas, comedies, experimental plays, and at least one musical per academic year. It is also home to the biennial student-directed One Act Festival held during May Term. For more information or to reserve tickets, contact the theatre department at 540-887-7189. Graduate students in the Shakespeare and Performance program direct shows in collaboration with Blackfriars Playhouse, which feature other graduate students, undergraduate students, and members of the surrounding community. The University Wits, a Shakespeare and Performance student organization in partnership with the American Shakespeare Center, also stage productions and readings of Shakespeare for the community. See the Fletcher Collins Theatre Season Schedule and Shakespeare and Performance Events online. &copy; Mary Baldwin College P.O. Box 1500 Staunton, VA, 24402 800-468-2262 11 Virginia Locations Charlottesville Glenns Greensville/Emporia Kilmarnock Richmond Roanoke South Boston Staunton Warsaw Weyers Cave Williamsburg Quick Links A-Z Index Admissions Alumnae/i Athletics Commencement Directories Employment Library Maps &amp; Directions Reunion Security 540-887-7019 info@mbc.edu  