   Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home &amp; Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Auto Basics Auto Parts &amp; Systems Auto Racing Buying &amp; Selling Car Models Driving &amp; Safety Fuel Efficiency Motorcycles Trucks Under the Hood Home / Auto / Buying &amp; Selling More Stuff Like This Watch awe-inspiring shows on TestTube. Dangerous Hypermiling Techniques Auto Puzzles How Selling a Car Works by Allison Klein  Page 1 Introduction to How Selling a Car Works 2 Pricing Your Car 3 Clean it Up 4 Getting the Word Out  ­How long have you been driving around in that same old car? Do you think you want to sell it? There are some decisions you will have to make before you decide to sell your car. Do ­you want to sell your car over the Internet? On an auction site? Through a newspaper classified? To a dealership? The following information will apply no matter how you decide to sell your car. Before you sell your car, one of the main things you need to understand is your market. Knowing what kind of person would be interested in your car will make it a lot easier to know where to place your advertisements. After you've done your research on the price of your car, you will determine an asking price and write an attention-getting advertisement. You will need to prepare for the sale by washing and detailing your car. It is also important to understand how to negotiate to get the best price, and what to do if you get caught in a car-buying scam. In this article, you will learn what to expect of the car-selling process to help ensure that you and the buyer have a positive experience. The first step in selling your car is to know your market. In other words, is your car a popular model that buyers will be interested in? Will you have to drop your price to sell your car because it is not in high demand ? Knowing the market -- the potential buyers -- will help you answer these questions. The more you know about the kinds of people interested in your type of vehicle, the better able you'll be to reach that audience. For instance, if you are trying to sell a convertible , you will want to advertise in the warmer months when people really wish they could put the top down. The same goes for sports cars, which normally sell better in the summer months. If you are selling a family sedan, you will want to reach suburban families possibly by placing an advertisement in the local Sunday paper. Knowing as much as possible about your car and the prospective buyers can save you time and money. It will help you get the best price whether you are selling your car yourself or trading it in at a dealership. According to Edmunds.com , family sedans and sport utility vehicles (SUVs) are always in pretty high demand. Trucks and vans that can be used for work purposes are steady sellers and should command competitive prices. Be careful not to underestimate their value. Finally, use the Internet and local classified ads to find out how many similar cars are on the market. When comparing your car to similar cars listed for sale, you will want to take into account factors including the car's age, condition and mileage. Remember that cars with less mileage will sell for higher prices. Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Klein, Allison. "How Selling a Car Works" 28 October 2003. HowStuffWorks.com. &lt;http://auto.howstuffworks.com/buying-selling/car-selling.htm&gt; 27 August 2013. Cite Feedback Page 1 Introduction to How Selling a Car Works 2 Pricing Your Car 3 Clean it Up 4 Getting the Word Out 5 Making the Sale 6 Avoiding Scams and Post-sale Problems 7 Lots More Information   More To Explore More Great Links Top 10 Green Driving Tips 5 Scariest Stunt Car Feats The Ultimate CarStuff Fan Quiz 5 Warning Signs You Need New Tires 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars Watch American Chopper videos >> You Might Also Like 5 Extravagant Car Amenities Sure, we may need a car to get from point A to point B, but would we ever need our car to have an air purifier? How about leather interior ceilings? Or a bejeweled fuel cap? See five of the most extravagant amenities. Are you an ignition expert? Take the quiz! Automobile ignition systems rely on perfect timing. A simple spark, when delivered at precisely the right moment, can mean the difference between a smooth running and powerful engine that operates cleanly and an engine that runs rough, lacks power and produces unnecessary emissions. How much do you know about automobile ignition systems? Popular Articles 1966 Mercury S-55 1973 Chevrolet Chevelle SS Coupe Tony Stewart  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars How to Calculate Your Car's Fuel Consumption 5 Engine Oil Myths Quiz: Concept Cars That Made It Top 10 Car Summer Maintenance Tips  Most Watched Understanding Cars Auto Parts & Systems Deconstructed Wrecks to Riches: Rebuilding Classic Cars Car Accident Videos Bikes, Hacks, Trikes and Choppers  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking  CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS     STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home &amp; Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit &amp; Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US &copy; 1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc  