 Rants On The Table Fumes The Line Road Kill Image Gallery Reader Mail About AE Search AE Contact AE Rants On The Table Fumes The Line Road Kill Image Gallery Reader Mail About AE Search AE Contact AE  No. 712, August 28, 2013 Navigation Rants On The Table Fumes The Line Road Kill Image Gallery Reader Mail About AE Search AE Contact AE Follow Autoextremist See       another  live  episode of  "Autoline  After  Hours" with  hosts  John  McElroy,  from  Autoline  Detroit, and  Peter De  Lorenzo, The   Autoextremist, and  guests  this Thursday   evening, at 6:00PM EDT at www.autolinedetroit.tv . By the way, if you'd like to subscribe to the Autoline After Hours podcasts, click on the following links: Subscribe via iTunes: Subscribe via RSS: On The Table Tuesday Aug 27 2013 ON THE TABLE - AUGUST 28,2013 Tuesday, August 27, 2013 at 08:23AM Nissan. The Japanese automaker says it will have "multiple" self-driving cars in-market by 2020 as part of its "we got it goin' on" technology push by the company. We don't care. (Infiniti) I nfiniti is previewing the Q30 Concept, which will have its world premiere at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show. "The Infiniti Q30 Concept signals the contemporary design vision for a compact Infiniti vehicle which will target a new generation of premium customers," according to Infiniti PR. "It is designed for younger customers seeking an alternative to traditional premium compact vehicles and open to convention-challenging approaches," Infiniti's PR release droned on. You could plug those words into every new car release in the world at this very moment. Oh well. (Photo for Chevrolet by Steven Noreyko) The Chevrolet Silverado has become the Official Truck of the Texas Longhorns, the Texas Exes, and the Official Truck of Bevo, the Texas Longhorns' live mascot. It is a multi-year sponsorship agreement between Chevrolet, the University of Texas Athletics program, IMG College and the Ex-Students&rsquo; Association of the University of Texas (the Texas Exes). Texas is the single biggest market in the country for pickup trucks, in case you were wondering why Chevrolet marketers would... oh never mind. (Ford) With the Mustang having already set sales records following its launch in 1964, Ford design chief Gene Bordinat and the Special Vehicles Group decided to try rearranging the pieces for th is 1967 Mach 2 concept. The 289 Hi-Po V8 was shifted from the front to behind the two seats to evaluate the layout as a possible successor to the Shelby Cobra. Yes, a mid-engine Mustang concept! Despite its mid-engine layout, the Mach 2 retained the long-hood, short-deck proportions of a Mustang. Unfortunately, the Mach 2 never went much beyond the auto show circuit. Ford has launched Mustang Countdown , an online video series that focuses on the iconic American car and the culture that has formed around it all across the globe, and to continue the celebration leading up to the 50th birthday of Mustang on April 17, 2014. Check out this compelling video about the development of the Mustang I concept here . Editor-in-Chief's's Note: Our "Quick Take" this week has us in the all-new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 Z71 4WD LTZ Crew . This is The Franchise for General Motors, a relentless profit machine that shelters the company in tough times and makes money hand over fist in the boom times. It's safe to say that the new Silverado is reimagined, tweaked, massaged, and refined to the nth degree. Non-truck people may quibble about the exterior design, which is evolutionary, at best, but it will do just fine in the market with some of the most loyal buyers in the business (this side of Ford F-150 buyers, anyway). This truck is about the detailing. Every last interior surface has been thought out and nuanced, and it is comfortable and usable in every respect. The Silverado drives impressively too - even though these new full-size trucks are massive - and it exudes the confidence of years and years of engineering know-how, but unless you really, really need one I can't imagine using one to just commute with. But I do see the attraction in owning one and until the F-150 comes out the Silverado will enjoy a good run, especially with the first-on-the-block loyalists who just gotta have one. We thought our tester was handsome in its Blue Granite Metallic paint too - it's a cool-looking truck. - PMD 2014 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 Z71 4WD LTZ Crew: $49,590 ($43,165 Base Price; Blue Granite Metallic; Cocoa/Dune Interior; 5.3-liter Ecotec3 V8 with VVT, Direct fuel-injection, Active Fuel Management with 355HP and 383 lbs-ft of torque; Hydramatic 6L80 6-speed automatic; four-wheel drive; 3.08 rear axle ratio; 7,200 LBS GVW rating, 18" bright machined aluminum wheels; Full feature leather appointed bucket seats, front, $325; Heated and cooled driver and front passenger seats, $650; Tilt &amp; telescoping steering column, Leather-wrap steering wheel; Driver alert package - front and rear park assist, Lane departure warning, Forward collision alert, Safety alert seats - $845; LTZ Plus Package - Power adjustable pedals, Bose audio system, Heated steering wheel - $770; Power sunroof, $995; Chevrolet MyLink audio system with 8" diagonal color touch &amp; navigation, $795; 6" chrome assist steps, $700; Trailer brake controller - $230; Movable upper tie downs (4), $60; LED lighting, cargo box, $60; Destination Charge, $995) Adherence to Brand Image: As I said about the Tahoe previously reviewed, Chevrolet makes big trucks and SUVs. And they sell a lot of 'em. The new Silverado marketing campaign - using the music "Strong" by Nashville artist Will Hoge - is a complete rethink of the classic "Like A Rock" campaign (featuring the Bob Seger song) for Chevy trucks in the 90s. Visually, the campaigns are almost interchangeable, with the imagery being consistent in both campaigns. This consistency is exactly what Chevrolet marketers need to do with "The Franchise" and it works well. The new evolutionary Silverado nails the Chevy Truck brand image to a "T." - PMD Editor-in-Chief's's Note: Our "Quick Take" this week has us in the 2013 Porsche 911 Carrera 4S. Readers may know by now that I have a long history with Porsche, specifically the 911. It's the car that turned me on to driving, really driving . Sure, I had the opportunity to ride and drive in plenty of the greatest cars ever built in the 60s and 70s, including wheeling a spectacular '69 L-88 Corvette, in period. But for me the 911 was special. Let's face it, it's my soul car. The old-era air-cooled 911s were wonderfully cantankerous machines. You didn't phone it in with them. You didn't engage myriad electronic devices to balance the car, make the exhaust pipes louder or make up for ham-fisted driving. No, the 911s of the golden era demanded you pay attention to driving all the time . Because if you didn't, it would bite you in the ass, hard. To me the charm of the older 911s was that they forced you to be on your game, especially if you liked to go fast. And believe me, I did. I put many, many miles on 911s and learned all of its tail-happy idiosyncrasies firsthand, including one memorable day when I flat lost the first one I owned - a beautiful (used) 1975 Chocolate Brown 911S - going 115 mph in a sweeping fast bend that unbeknownst to me had just had the shoulder graded, leaving dirt in the middle of the corner. I instantly found myself going backwards in a long, lurid slide - complete with tire smoke - and when I finally stopped, my rear tires ended up on the edge of an embankment. Awesomeness. It was one of those life-altering experiences that was worth every ass-pinching second. From then on the 911 and I bonded, and I went on to having many high-speed experiences with the car (s) that I treasure to this day. So, what about the new 911? When I first drove the new car in Santa Barbara a couple of years ago I praised it as being a true 911, updated. And I still feel that way, sort of. But the 911 has dramatically grown in size, and as fast and fun as it is there's no denying that it has become more of a GT car, pure and simple. (That's why for many Porsche True Believers, the Cayman S is now The Shit.) Don't get me wrong, the Carrera 4S with its 400HP and the ability to crank up the suspension tight and dial-up the exhaust note at will is intoxicating. When you engage all the go-fast stuff plus the sport exhaust and stand on it, well, you can pretend that you're exiting the pits at Le Mans in your GT racing machine, it's that good. And it's damn fast too. Yes, I know, times change. But I just came back from the Monterey auto celebration, and to see the compact and perfectly-rendered older 911s parked hard up against the new car, it is still jarring for me. I love the new 911 and all it can do for you, but I gravitate to the older, wonderfully taut and elegantly compact air-cooled cars every time. Call me entrenched in the past, but it's the High-Octane Truth as I see it. - PMD 2013 Porsche 911 Carrera 4S: $145,305 ($105, 630 Base Price; Guards Red; Black/Platinum Gray Leather Interior, $4120; 3.8-liter horizontally opposed, double overhead cam 6-cylinder with Direct Fuel-Injection, 4 valves per cylinder and integrated dry sump lubrication with 400HP and 325 lbs-ft of torque; 7-speed Porsche Doppelkupplung (PDK) transmission, $4080; all-wheel drive; 13.4" disc brakes with vented rotors with 6 piston calipers, front; 13" disc brakes with vented rotors with 4 piston calipers, rear; 8.5x20" alloy wheels with 245/35ZR20 tires, front; 11x20" alloy wheels with 305/30ZR20 tires, rear; Adaptive Sport Seats Plus, $3465; Premium Package Plus with 18-way seats, $2330; Burmester Audio Package, $5010; Sport Exhaust System, $2950; Porsche Dynamic Chassis Control, $3160; Rear windshield wiper, $360; Adaptive cruise control, $2490; ParkAssist, front and rear, $990; Sport Chrono Package, $2370; Sunroof in glass, $1990; Power Steering Plus, $270; Electric folding exterior mirrors, $320; SportDesign steering wheel, $490; Exclusive Options - Painted vehicle key, $335; Wheels painted black, $1635; Wheel spacers, 5mm, $490; Sport Seats plus black leather, $1870, Destination Charge, $950) Adherence to Brand Image: This 911 is the essence of the enthusiast side of Porsche, the car for the True Believers who still covet Porsche and what the company stands for more than any other car. But there's the rub. Porsche is two companies now and the dichotomy is laid bare for all to see. The days of being purveyors of wonderfully edgy hair-trigger sports cars have long since faded into the history books. Porsche, the company, is big business now. As a matter of fact, Porsche, along with Audi, are the profit centers that drive the VW Group conglomerate. And what does Porsche sell most of these days to deliver those profits? The Cayenne SUV, followed by the Panamera sedan. So the powers that be at Porsche constantly find themselves walking a fine line, as in "how do we keep our enthusiast customer base happy while churning out more and more of the big-time profit generators like the Cayenne and the Panamera?" As I've said previously, at some point the people who only know Porsche for sedans and SUVs will outnumber the enthusiasts who remember what Porsche stood for way back when. And at that point Porsche will be in deep trouble. But in fairness to Porsche leaders, they believe that as long as they keep accelerating profits from SUVs and sedans, it will allow them to fund the development of designing, engineering and building wonderful sporting machines like the 918, 911, Boxster, Cayman and the endless variants of those cars that seem to come like clockwork. In the meantime and in an effort to calm the faithful, Porsche feels that its burgeoning Le Mans racing program, which will debut next year, will firmly refocus the brand and fuel the enthusiast True Believers who have long supported it. I agree, at least up to a point. But what are the two most important vehicle launches of the next year for Porsche? The freshened Panamera, and the all-new Macan, a smaller crossover/SUV that will slot below the Cayenne. Uh, yeah, there's that. As far as adherence to brand image, the 911 Carrera 4S that we had the pleasure of driving basically has a foot in both Porsche camps. On the one hand, as a go-fast machine it is positively intoxicating and it adheres to the Porsche mission convincingly. It's all 911 through and through, at least what defines the new 911. But on the other hand, one look at its usurious option list and you can see how the "other" Porsche - the one that makes money hand over fist for the VW Group - currently holds sway. And so it goes. - PMD  Editor | Share Article | Email Article | Print Article 1 2 3 4 5 ... 287 Next 1 Entries »  RANTS | ON THE TABLE | FUMES | THE LINE | ROAD KILL | READER MAIL THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF ANY EDITORIAL OR PHOTOGRAPHIC CONTENT FROM AUTOEXTREMIST.COM WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM THE PUBLISHER IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Copyright Statement ~ © 1999-2013 Autoextremist.com, Inc. ~ Privacy Policy 