 Gili's Automotive Why Maintain Service Recommendations Did You Know? My Car login View Automotive Service Videos Home About Gili About Gili's Automotive Technician Code of Ethics Affiliations, Certifications and Memberships Services Location &amp; Hours Customer Feedback Gili's AutoBlog Maryland State Car Inspection, Tag &amp; Title Registration 301-770-1201 Gili's Automotive Repair of Rockville, MD is a professional full-service facility specializing in automotive diagnostic, preventive maintenance and automotive service and repairs mechanic. Our professional services range from routine oil changes to major diagnostic work and repairs. We take pride in using the most sophisticated computers and equipment available in the automotive industry today. You will find more diagnostic equipment at Gili's Automotive than in any other shop in the Washington area, big or small. We also invest in continuing education for our technicians to ensure that they are always up-to-date with the newest technology.   Rockville's Most Reliable Car Repair People are Saying... "The best and most honest mechanic in Maryland. Wouldn't go to anyone else. This guy can fix things most others would have you replace because they "can't find the problem". That is because he is a real mechanic who knows how to repair cars rather than just knowing how to use a phone to order new parts. The best!" Eric Nahmani Our customers and their families live, work, and drive in Rockville, Maryland and throughout the Washington metropolitan area. Just as we make sure our technicians are up-to-date, we keep our customers informed about the choices they have in maintaining their cars. At Gili's, we take the time to explain in detail what service is needed right away, and what car repairs may be postponed without compromising safety. Gili's Automotive is built on honesty, reliability, friendship and trust. We strive to: Maintain personal contact with each of our customers. Treat each car as our own. Use the latest state-of-the-art computerized technology and information. Stay competitive with our prices. Establish customers one at a time, by building trust and confidence with honest ideals and practices . At Gili's Automotive, we can work with any car, but most importantly, we want to work with you. Gilis Automotive is an authorized Maryland State safety inspection location. Call today to schedule an appointment! 301-770-1201  Federal law prohibits car dealers from denying warranty coverage when you go to an independent shop for routine maintenance. See how Gili's service compares.  © 2013 Gili's Automotive. Gil Giro . 301-770-1201 Home About Gili About Gili's Automotive Technician Code of Ethics Affiliations, Certifications and Memberships Services Location &amp; Hours Customer Feedback Gili's AutoBlog Maryland State Car Inspection, Tag &amp; Title Registration Why Maintain Service Recommendations Did You Know? My Car login View Automotive Service Videos My Car Login View Automotive Service Videos 