  Home Repairs and Maintenance Import Car Specialists Coupons Contact Jackson, MI Auto Repairs and Maintenance Services Foreign & Domestic Automotive Perfection "your local import specialist" Locally owned and operated by Bill Kenel, Automotive Perfection has been offering professional repair services for cars and light trucks to the Jackson, MI and surrounding areas since 2007. We offer service and maintenance for all makes and models of cars and light trucks but we specialize in import vehicles. Our shop features all the latest diagnostic equipment and software to keep your car running in tip-top condition. Our technicians are ASE and state certified, as well as hybrid trained. We are continually training in order to stay informed on the latest automotive technology. Automotive Perfection's Services Include: Auto Repair and Maintenance &ndash; we are a full service auto repair facility Import Specialists &ndash; we specialize in those hard to find services for European and Asian cars and trucks Coupons &ndash; money saving deals for you, great service for your car or truck Automotive Perfection guarantees that only the highest quality of replacement parts and fluids will be used on your vehicle. All repairs will be performed by a ASE master technician who is not commission paid and a service adviser that can clearly explain what needs to be done to keep your vehicle in a safe, reliable condition for years to come. Come in and experience the difference! We offer a 12 month 12,000 miles warranty on all repairs and are proud to be a Green repair facility recycling nearly all waste material produced. Furthermore, offering free drop off of automotive waste oil, coolant and batteries during normal business hours. Contact Automotive Perfection today at 517-768-0563 to schedule your appointment for service or browse our website for more information regarding Imports, our Auto Repair and Maintenance services or Coupons.  Home Repairs and Maintenance Import Car Specialists Coupons Contact Share  &copy; 2013 hibu,Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy  hibu Limited Web Presence Platform Release version v4.17.1 