 Local Phoenix Search Phoenix Things to Do Living/Working Surviving Summer Share Free Phoenix Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Litchfield Park Spring Art & Culinary Festival - 2013 Upscale Art and Culinary Festival in the West Valley By Judy Hedding , About.com Guide &#169; Judy Hedding See More About culinary events phoenix art festivals phoenix event calendar phoenix art galleries litchfield park The Litchfield Park Spring Art & Culinary Festival remains one of the few large art festivals that promotes original arts and crafts created and produced by the individual artisan. The event features over 200 fine artists and craftsmen exhibiting fine arts and crafts. See pictures of the Litchfield Park Spring Art & Culinary Festival. If you are looking for the fall festival in Litchfield Park, you can find the details about the Litchfield Park Festival of Arts here . When is the Litchfield Park Spring Art & Culinary Festival? Saturday, March 9, 2013, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday, March 10, 2013, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Where is it? This is an outdoor festival in the southwest part of the Valley of the Sun. It is located in downtown historic Litchfield Park at the Library Lawn and City Square, next to the Wigwam Resort. Here is a map to historic downtown Litchfield Park. Parking at the festival is free. How do I get tickets and how much are they? Admission to the festival, including the pavilions, is free. There will be demonstrations throughout the day in the Culinary Pavilion. Must be 21 or over to enter the Beer & Wine Pavilion. Beer and wine tasting tickets will be sold. Commemorative wine glass & tasting package available for purchase. What else should I know? In addition to the artisan village, there are culinary demonstrations by Valley Chefs, live music, and wine tasting. This is an upscale Fine Arts, Fine Crafts and Culinary event; it is geared to adults, although children are certainly permitted to attend. What if I have more questions? For more information, contact the Litchfield Park Spring Art & Culinary Festival at 623-935-9040 or visit the City of Litchfield Park online . All dates, times, prices and offerings are subject to change without notice. Arts in the Phoenix Area Scottsdale ArtWalk Chandler ArtWalk More Arts and Art Events Southwest Valley Where to Stay in the Southwest Valley Native American Arts Festival Festival and Event Calendar Related Articles Litchfield Park Fall Arts Festival Near Phoenix Arizona Litchfield Park Festival of the Arts - Litchfield Park Fall Arts Festival N... Litchfield Park AZ Christmas in the Park Holiday Festival and Tree Lighting Florida for Visitors - Florida&#39;s 2001 Fall Festivals - Part II: Arts an... Fine Art and Crafts at Verona Park, Verona, NJ - Submit an Entry: Spring Ar... Judy Hedding Phoenix Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum Top Related Searches city of litchfield park city of litchfield music and wine spring art wine garden park spring Explore Phoenix Must Reads August Festivals and Events Cheap Ticket Deals Arizona Monsoon 20 Great Free Things To Do Last Chance: Rookie League Baseball Most Popular Phoenix Average Monthly Temperatures Things to Do and See in the Phoenix Area Scorpion Stings Can Be Painful and Serious Things to Do and See in Greater Phoenix Arizona Cities Sales Tax Rates By Category Attractions and Events Food and Drink Sports and Recreation Moving to Phoenix Phoenix Facts and Fiction Cities, Government, Laws Weather, Plants, Animals Jobs and Employment Homes and Rentals Schools and Colleges Lifestyles and Families Shopping, Services, Media Maps, Driving and Transport Resorts, Hotels, Motels Phoenix Photo Galleries Phoenix About.com Local Phoenix Attractions and Events Art Galleries & Festivals Litchfield Park Spring Fine Art and Culinary Festival Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 