  Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.intellichoice.com.  It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.  Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x  Part of the MotorTrend Automotive Group Awards ▼ Best Overall Value Certified Pre-Owned Motorist Choice Research Car ▼ New Cars Used Cars Cars for Sale Certified Pre-Owned Cars Advice ▼ Ownership Costs Certified Pre-Owned Green Cars Before You Buy  Home Press Release IntelliChoice Names Best Certified Pre-Owned Automotive Programs for 2011 Press Releases and Media Center Back to Press Releases IntelliChoice Names Best Certified Pre-Owned Automotive Programs for 2011 11 / 09 / 2011 - Volvo and MINI Ranked Highest on Overall Value - San Diego, CA – November 9, 2010 &#8212; IntelliChoice, the leading provider of automotive cost and value analysis and part of the Motor Trend Auto Group, today announced the winners of its 12th annual ranking of Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) manufacturer-sponsored programs at the 2010 National Remarketing Conference &amp; Used Car Expo, in San Diego. For the fourth straight year, Volvo took the top ranking among Premium manufacturers, while Mini won for the third year for the best Popular program. IntelliChoice issues the industry&#8217;s only report card for Certified Pre-Owned vehicles and many OEMs have developed their programs using the IntelliChoice.com inspection and ranking criteria as benchmarks. “Volvo, and MINI continue to dominate the rankings with a focus on consistency and quality in their programs,” said Eric Anderson, senior analyst, Intellichoice.com. “Volvo was able to take the top warranty spot with the Volvo CPO Protection Plus+ Warranty.  This warranty is a 6-year and 100,000-mile factory scheduled maintenance warranty.” Anderson also noted “Even in this tough economy CPO sales have been very strong with many manufacturers expected to reach record sales levels. 2011 should be even more promising for the CPO market.” IntelliChoice 2011 CPO Winners IntelliChoice investigates and analyzes 30 manufacturer programs. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles (CPOs) are cars, trucks and sport utility vehicles that have come off lease or have been resold to dealers, and have been thoroughly inspected prior to sale. IntelliChoice&#8217;s Best Certified Pre-Owned Awards are presented in two major classes: Premium and Popular. The following breaks out the top vehicles in each category and the three most important sub-categories: Premium Brand: - Overall Winner: Volvo - Best Warranty: Volvo - 100% Inspection Score: Audi , Infiniti , Jaguar , Land Rover , Lincoln , Mercedes-Benz , and Volvo - Strongest Brand Value: Infiniti Ranking: Manufacturer Ranking Volvo Saab Cadillac Jaguar Hummer 1 2 3 4 Tie 4 Tie Popular Brand - Overall Winner: MINI - Best Warranty: MINI - 100% Inspection Score: Ford , Mercury , Nissan , Suzuki , and Toyota - Strongest Brand Quality: MINI Ranking: Manufacturer Ranking MINI Volkswagen Hyundai Honda Kia 1 2 3 4 5 Methodology IntelliChoice initiated its Certified Pre-Owned awards program over ten years ago to address the significant growth of the CPO offering and consumer demand for comprehensive analysis. Programs are rated on a set of eight criteria that consumers identify as having the most value: - Extended manufacturer warranties - Title verification - Certification inspection process - Roadside assistance - Special financing - Return exchange policies - Program/dealer compliance - Brand value About IntelliChoice IntelliChoice , part of the Motor Trend Auto Group is the market leader in automotive ownership cost and car values analysis. Founded in 1986, IntelliChoice is committed to empowering consumers to make better purchase decisions by providing independent and essential automotive information and tools. Through the IntelliChoice.com web site consumers get the help they need to research, compare, configure and price new cars. The site also connects buyers to the buying alternatives of their choice, including vehicle manufacturers and an online car buying guide. Motor Trend Auto Group is a subsidiary of Source Interlink Media , a recognized provider of targeted media and marketing services and one of the largest publishers of magazines and online content for enthusiast audiences. # # # Media Contact: JMPR Breanna Buhr, JMPR Public Relations, bbuhr@jmprpublicrelations.com  Sponsored Links Advertising  About Us Press Release Auto Buying Program Insurance Finance Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Sitemap Ad Choices Copyright 2013 IntelliChoice Source Interlink Media, Inc. All rights reserved.  