 Cypress College Academics Study Fine Arts & Explore The Creative Process The academic departments and programs in the Fine Arts Division are designed to encourage students to explore the creative possibilities and gain understanding of the process in creating art in an environment that challenges the intellect and the imagination. The Fine Arts Division at Cypress College cultivates relationships with the total community. Develop Your Talent Our programs are tailored for college students of all backgrounds and ages, including those wishing to re-enter the educational process. Our mission is to help students develop their talents and interests so that they can transfer to colleges or universities or obtain employment. We are committed to educate students in art, art computer graphics, dance, journalism, multimedia, music, photography, and theater. Contact Information Dean: Joyce Carrigan Fine Arts Building, 201 Cypress College 9200 Valley View St. Cypress, CA 90630 Phone: 714-484-7139  &lt; Return to Academic Programs Art Art Gallery Communications Journalism Dance MAD Multimedia Music Patrons Arts Photography Theater Arts Events Highlight 2013 Women's Basketball February 8, 2013 Return to Home Quicklinks A to Z Services A&R; Downloadable Forms Academic Options and Majors Academic Programs Admissions & Records Adult Re-entry Program Assessment Athletics Bookstore Bursar's Office Calendar of Events Campus Safety Career Planning Center Counseling Department Listing Disabled Students Program and Services Distance Education Enrollment Fees EOPS (Extended Opportunity Prog/Serv) Facilities Faculty Directory Foundation Gainful Employment Program Disclosure Getting Started Health Center Instructional Support Services International Students Program Learning Resource Center Library Music Department Open Class List and Resources Registration Schedule of Classes / College Catalog Special Admit Students Staff and Department Directories Student Activities Terms and Definitions Transfer Center Veterans Affairs  - About Cypress  - Admissions &amp; Financial Aid  - Academics  - Student Services  - Student Life  - News &amp; Events  - Administrative Services Programs Spotlight Culinary Arts Epicure to etiquettes, to gourmet cookery and garde manger, our Culinary Arts Program has something for you.  Read More &gt;  &copy; 2007 Cypress College. 9200 Valley View Street, Cypress, CA 90630 | 714-484-7000 | Maps | Directory Cypress College is part of the North Orange County Community College District. Web site Powered by ActiveCampus® Software by Datatel, Inc. Contact Us Help My Gateway Search: 