 money section  Saving & Spending Budgeting Banking Credit Cards Loans Real Estate Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Business & Career Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Retirement Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Investing Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Buying a car Extended Car Warranties What are the Differences Between Certified Pre-Owned &amp; Extended Warranties? What are the Differences Between Certified Pre-Owned &amp; Extended Warranties? By Karen Schultz , eHow Contributor Share Print this article An extended warranty can protect against costly repairs. When you go into a used car dealership, you often have a choice between a certified car or a car with an extended warranty. A dealer offering a certified pre-owned car guarantees the car has been inspected thoroughly, all needed repairs have been performed and the car is in the best mechanical condition possible. A certified car costs more and is usually warranted for a period of time. A simple extended warranty does not guarantee a car has been inspected or repaired by the dealer; it simply means the dealer will warrant the car for a given period of time beyond that of the standard manufacturer's warranty. A car with only an extended warranty will generally not cost as much as a certified car. Other People Are Reading Questions to Ask When Buying a Certified Pre-Owned Car Certified Pre-Owned Vs. Extended Warranty Inspection and Reports When a dealer certifies a used car, he promises it has been thoroughly inspected and meets certain standards. Acura, for example, advertises a 150-point vehicle inspection, Ford offers a 169-point inspection and Honda provides a 150-point mechanical and appearance inspection. The dealer provides the inspection report and vehicle history report to the buyer. Certified Car Warranties Dealers usually provide warranties for their certified cars. Honda's certified car warranty includes a 7-year/100,000-mile powertrain warranty from the vehicle's original in-service date and a 12-month/12,000-mile non-powertrain warranty from the original warranty expiration date. If the original warranty has expired, the new warranty runs from the Honda certified used car purchase date. Toyota offers a12-month/12,000-mile comprehensive warranty and a 7-year/100,000-mile limited powertrain warranty from the original new-sale date. Selection Process Dealers usually select their best pre-owned cars to place in their certification program. Acura stipulates that its certified pre-owned vehicles must be newer than 6 years old with fewer than 80,000 miles on their odometers. Audi certified pre-owned vehicles must have fewer than 60,000 miles on them and be five years old or newer. Cost Certification includes the costs of the inspection, repair and extended warranties in the sale price of the car. Dealers, thus, charge more for certified cars -- often as much as $1,000. Many buyers feel this premium is worth the peace of mind and warranty protection provided. Standard pre-owned cars do not offer inspection certification, and an extended warranty, which is usually not as comprehensive as that offered on a certified vehicle, is optional at an additional cost. Additional Benefits of Certified Programs To entice buyers to purchase certified cars, dealers frequently offer additional benefits, including 24-hour roadside assistance, special financing, trip interruption insurance, toll-free assistance and a transferable warranty.  Related Searches References Edmunds.com: Extended Warranties Vs. Certified Used Car Programs Edmunds.com: Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Programs CarsDirect.com: The Difference between Used and Certified Pre Owned Cars Photo Credit Thomas Northcut/Photodisc/Getty Images More Like This Questions to Ask When Buying a Certified Pre-Owned Car Certified Pre-Owned Vs. Extended Warranty What Is Covered by the Acura Certified Warranty? Comments You May Also Like Certified Pre-Owned Vs. Extended Warranty Buying a used vehicle can be very confusing for consumers, particularly for first-time buyers. There are now multiple classifications of used cars... The Difference Between Comprehensive and Third Party Car Insurance Third party car insurance is often referred to as liability insurance. In the majority of states, it is required coverage. Comprehensive insurance... How to Negotiate for a Certified Used Car A certified pre-owned (CPO) vehicle includes a warranty backed by the manufacturer. Negotiating the price of one of these vehicles can prove... What Is Covered by the Acura Certified Warranty? Acura, a luxury-vehicle subdivision of Honda Motor Co., offers limited warranties for its new vehicles and its certified pre-owned cars, which are... Differences Between Powertrain &amp; Comprehensive Warranties Differences Between Powertrain &amp; Comprehensive Warranties. Auto warranties, both factory warranties and those sold aftermarket, can be dividend into two classifications ... How to Negotiate the Purchase of a Used Car Buying a used car can turn into a hassle. Who owned it before? Was it involved in an accident? Is this the... What Is the Difference Between Dealership Auto Loans &amp; Bank or Credit Union Auto Loans? When you borrow money to buy a car, you have the option of borrowing from a direct lender like a bank or... About Toyota Certified Pre-Owned Cars Buyers are often wary about buying used cars because of the uncertainty of the quality of the vehicle. A previous owner may... How to Buy the Best Certified Pre-owned Vehicle A certified pre-owned car is a used vehicle that has passed a rigorous inspection from the manufacturer and as a result comes... Related Ads  View Photos Splurge vs. Spend: Your Grocery List You May Like What Is Covered by the Acura Certified Warranty? How to Know if Your Car has a Factory Warranty How to Extend an Apple Warranty Credit Cards With Extended Warranties How to Purchase a PS3 Extended Warranty How to Purchase an Extended Warranty on a Used Auto How to Transfer a Dodge Warranty Differences Between a Warranty Deed & a Special Warranty Deed Featured 3 Money-Saving Tricks You&#039;ve Never Heard Of Check It Out Frugal Grocery Shopping Tips View Photos 10 Ways to Build Up Home Equity Check It Out Others Also Viewed About Toyota Certified Pre-Owned Cars How to Buy the Best Certified Pre-owned Vehicle How to Get a Warrant of Fitness A Checklist for Certified Used Cars Extended Car Warranties ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap &copy; 1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 