 Skip to search.  New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage Notifications Help Mail My Y! Yahoo!  Yahoo! Directory  Search Search Web  Art Events &gt; Festivals Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory &gt; Arts &gt; Events &gt; Festivals  SITE LISTINGS By Popularity | Alphabetical ( What's This? ) Anacortes Arts Festival Northwest arts and crafts fair with juried art show in Anacortes, WA. www.anacortesartsfestival.com Ann Arbor Street Art Fair Annual festival celebrating fine arts for four days every July. www.artfair.org Armonk Outdoor Art Show Annual fine art and crafts juried show. Includes artist application, traveling directions, directory, and discount coupons. www.armonkoutdoorartshow.org Ars Electronica Center Media facility and interface of art, technology, business, science, and society. Home of the Ars Electronica Festival, a conference and festival of digital media. www.aec.at Art and Ideas New Haven International Festival Take place in June each year in New Haven, CT. Features international speakers and performances in the visual and performing arts. www.artidea.org Art Basel Annual international art show, showcasing works from the 20th and 21st centuries. www.artbasel.com Art Chicago at Navy Pier Annual contemporary art expo featuring the works of artists presented by U.S. and international galleries. May 11-14, 2001, in Chicago, IL. www.artchicago.com Art Ireland Exhibition Exhibition of Irish and international art. at Simmonscourt Pavilion in the RDS, Dublin. www.irishartfair.com Art-A-Fair Festival Community of artists which gathers every summer in Laguna Beach, CA. www.art-a-fair.com Art-Action Transdisciplinary art festival featuring cinema, video, visual arts, and multimedia. Showcasing an annual international Paris to Berlin meeting of artists. www.art-action.org Artfest Annual Lewiston Fine Arts Festival. www.artcouncil.org ArtiGras Palm Beach County art festival located on the perimeter road of the Gardens Mall, February 17-19, 2001. www.artigras.org Artown Festival Featuring film, music, theatre, and visual arts in Reno, NV. www.artown.org ARTRAGE Biennial festival of contemporary culture and arts. Supporting local arts and cultural practice in Western Australia. www.artrage.com.au Artscape Annual event of literary, visual, and performing arts in the heart of Baltimore. www.artscape.org artsfest.org Online arts festival including Garrison Keillor, jazz, theater, cowboy poetry, world music, comedy, and more. www.artsfest.org Associated Manitoba Arts Festivals Nonprofit arts organization dedicated to the amateur festival movement and its participants. www.amaf.mb.ca Atlanta Alternative Arts Festival (A3)@ dir.yahoo.com/.../Events/Atlanta_Alternative_Arts_Festival__A3_ Black Swamp Arts Festival Annual event offers art, music, food, and youth activities in downtown Bowling Green, OH. September 7-9, 2001. www.blackswamparts.org Bok & Bibliotek i Norden AB Information on Goteborg International Book Fair. www.bok-bibliotek.se Bumbershoot@ dir.yahoo.com/.../Events/Bumbershoot Burning Man Project (100) dir.yahoo.com/.../Festivals/Burning_Man_Project Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts Annual celebration of the visual and performing arts that takes place in downtown State College, PA> July 11-15, 2001. www.arts-festival.com Chautauqua of the Arts Annual weekend fine arts and fine crafts shows held at Greensburg and Noblesville, Indiana. www.chautauquaofthearts.com Cherry Creek Arts Festival Three day outdoor juried arts festival held annually during the July 4th holiday weekend. www.cherryarts.org Chicago Humanities Festival Annual event held in downtown Chicago, IL, dedicated to the arts, drama, literature, history, and education. www.chfestival.org Chicago's Annual 57th Street Art Fair Midwest's oldest juried art fair, June 2-3, 2001, on the University of Chicago campus. www.57thstreetartfair.org Christchurch Arts Festival 2001 With music, theatre, dance, literature, and visual arts. Held in several Christchurch venues. www.artsfestival.co.nz Circus City Festival, Inc. Annual event held in mid-July in Peru, IN, featuring a youth circus, arts and crafts, food booths, and more. www.perucircus.com Convergence International Art Festival Contemporary artists, dance, music, film, theater and Web art. September 7-23, 2001, in Providence, RI. caparts.org/convergence/index.htm Cumberland Mountain Fall Festival Features arts and crafts, food, demonstrators, music, and games in Middleboro, KY. www.thefallfestival.com Double Decker Arts Festival April 28, 2001, in Oxford, MS. www.doubledeckerfestival.com Dubrovnik Summer Festival Annual festival of drama, art, folklore, literature, and music. www.dubrovnik-festival.hr Edinburgh Festival@ dir.yahoo.com/.../Theater/Edinburgh_Festival Eugene Celebration Arts and entertainment showcase, held every September. www.eugenecelebration.com European Media Art Festival Annual event offering insights into current international media art, from experimental film and video works, Internet, DVD and CD-ROM projects to multimedia installations. www.emaf.de Festival D'Automne a Paris Official site of the event that celebrates theater, dance, music, cinema, and visual arts. In French. www.festival-automne.com Festival of Arts and Pageant of the Masters Annual event held in Laguna Beach featuring a juried art show and tableaux vivants of famous paintings. www.foapom.com Festival of Darwin Annual community arts and cultural festival. www.darwinfestival.org.au Firefly Festival Summer (June-August) performing arts festival featuring music, dance, and theatre. South Bend, IN. www.fireflyfestival.com Galway Arts Festival Annual event. Runs until Sunday 29th July 2001. www.galwayartsfestival.com Great Northern Arts Festival Annual celebration of Northern Canadian Arts and Culture. Presented the third week of July, annually, in Inuvik, Northwest Territories. www.gnaf.ca Green Mountain Festival Series Presents programs and events in theater, music, dance, and family programming. www.greenmountainfestivalseries.com Haleiwa Arts Festival Annual summer event promoting fine arts and culture programs on the North Shore of Oahu. www.haleiwaartsfestival.org Hanze 2000 - International Hanseatic Days Arts festival featuring members of the Hanseatic League. May 25-28, 2000, Zwolle, Netherlands. www.hanze2000.nl Health & Harmony Music and Arts Festival Offering arts and crafts, eco, health, and hemp expos, and more in Santa Rosa, CA. www.harmonyfestival.com Helsinki Festival Annual celebration with music, dance, theatre, and art. www.helsinkifestival.fi History Meets the Arts Town-wide arts festival in Gettysburg, PA. www.e-gettysburg.cc/info.ihtml?info=hmta Hobart Summer Festival The Hobart Summer Festival features 12 days of theatre, music, the outdoors, food, and art. www.hobartsummerfestival.com.au International Pan Celtic Festival Gathering of traditional music, song and dance from Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Cornwall, and The Isle of Man. www.panceltic.ie Kings Mountain Art Fair Juried fair in Woodside, CA. Sept. 1-3, 2001. www.kmaf.phc.net La Foire-Brayonne francophone festival held every summer. www.foire-brayonne.nb.ca Lake Eden Arts Festival May 25-27 and October 1-21, 2001, in Black Mountain, NC. Featuring music, dance, handicrafts, healing arts, poetry, and more. www.theleaf.com Lake Mary Heathrow Festival of the Arts Juried outdoor fine arts festival. Provides entertainment, childrens' events, and art scholarships to high school students. October 6 and 7, 2001, in Lake Mary, FL. www.lmhfestival.org Liberati Liverpool arts festival that aims to provide a social and cultural framework for the production and participation of free art. www.liberarti.org Mackay Festival of Arts Annual celebration of cultural arts from jazz, dance, and classical music through to street theatre. www.festivalmackay.org.au Madness and Arts 2002 World Festival Celebrating mental illness and the Arts. Festival to be held in Toronto from May 11 through 20, 2002. www.madnessandarts.com Manifesta 4 Exhibition by mainly European artists in museums, exhibition spaces and public spaces. May-August, 2002, in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. www.manifesta.de Mediawave International Festival of Visual Arts April 27-May 5, 2001. In Gyor, Hungary. mediawavefestival.com Melbourne Festival Annual celebration of the arts. Features dance, theatre, opera, music, visual arts, and free outdoor events. www.melbournefestival.com.au Mill Valley Fall Arts Festival Arts and crafts fair in the redwoods at the foot of Mt. Tamalpais, in historic Old Mill Park. www.mvfaf.org Mobile Jam Fest International youth creative festival focused on education, awareness, and creative freedom. Competitions include short films, music, fashion, photography, and machinima, with voting via the Web or mobile devices. www.mobilejamfest.com Montreal International Festival of Films on Art (FIFA) Annual festival of films about art, encompassing all mediums, periods, and styles. www.artfifa.com National Black Arts Festival Biennial summer festival celebrating the sights, sounds, and expressions of the African Diaspora. www.nbaf.org Noise An Australian government youth arts initiative, managed by the Australia Council for the Arts, which aims to develop and profile young media artists and their work across radio, television, in print, and online. www.noise.net NOWNinety9 Festival of contemporary arts. Nottingham, October 23-November 12, 2000. www.nowfestival.org.uk Oceanside Days of Art Free community event celebrating fine art in an outdoor setting. www.oceanside-days-of-art.org Pan Amsterdam Information on the art and antiques fair of the low countries. www.pan-amsterdam.nl Paradise City Arts Festivals Fine art and contemporary craft shows featuring juried jewelry, fashion, leather, ceramics, glass, paintings, photography, and sculpture. www.paradise-city.com Perth International Arts Festival Annual event presents leading international and local artists during February/March. www.perthfestival.com.au Pirates in Paradise Festival A celebration of piracy in the Golden Age of Sail. Presents a litany of activities for all levels of interests, including nautical excursions, maritime arts and literature, historical re-enactments, and more. www.piratesinparadise.com Pittenweem Arts Festival Annual festival with exhibitions, music events, and children's entertainment. www.pittenweemartsfestival.co.uk Prater's Mill Arts and Crafts Festival May 12 and 13, October 13 and 14, 2001, in Dalton, GA. Showcasing the cultural history of Southern Appalachia. pratersmill.org Presteigne Festival of Music and the Arts An opportunity to recall past achievements and to cast a speculative glance at the future, in Presteigne, Wales. www.presteignefestival.com Red River Revel Arts Festival Outdoor festival in Shreveport, LA, featuring art, music, food, and more. September 29-October 6, 2001. www.redriverrevel.com Reykjavik Arts Festival International art, music, and culture event held every two years. www.artfest.is River Days Festival Every Labor Day weekend in Portsmouth, OH. www.riverdays.org Riverbend Festival Events schedule, festival history, map, and more for the annual Riverbend Festival in Chattanooga, TN. www.riverbendfestival.com Saint Louis Art Fair September 13-15, 2002, in St. Louis, MO. Celebration of fine and performing arts. www.saintlouisartfair.com Salem Art Fair & Festival Summer fair with art activities, music, food, and fun, July 20-22, 2001 in Salem, OR. www.salemartfestival.org Salisbury Festival Local arts festival. May 25-June 10, 2001, in Salisbury, England. Featuring dance, film, and music. www.salisburyfestival.co.uk Santa Cruz Digital Arts Festival Featuring video, print, music, theater, games, and other art created with digital media at a number of local venues. www.santacruzdigitalarts.org Sausalito Art Festival September 1-3, 2001. Featuring California and international paintings, sculpture, ceramics, jewelry, glass, wood, mixed media, photography, and computer arts. www.sausalitoartfest.org Seattle Erotic Art Festival Annual exhibit of erotic art from the Northwestern United States and around the world. www.seattleerotic.org Sligo Arts Festival Summer showcase of theatre, music, street entertainment, and more. May 28-June 7, 2001. homepage.tinet.ie/~arts Southern Heartland Arts Festival Annual juried festival featuring historic arts and mastercrafts, fine art, demonstrations, bluegrass music, food, and more. Sept. 15 and 16, 2001, in Covington, GA. www.shaf.org Spoleto Festival USA Official site of the annual performing arts and visual arts festival held in Charleston, South Carolina. www.spoletousa.org Stockton Riverside International Festival Street theatre, comedy, and music. July 28-August 6, 2001, in Stockton-on-Tees, England. www.festival.co.uk Sugarloaf Craft Festivals Potters, jewelers, painters, and iron-forgers. www.sugarloafcrafts.com Summerfair Festival of fine arts and crafts featuring artists from around the U.S. and Canada. June 1-3, 2001, at Coney Island in Cincinnati. www.summerfair.org Sunset Celebration On Mallory Square Dock in Key West, FL. Nightly festival features crafts, jugglers, tarot, astrologers, food vendors, etc. From the Cultural Preservation Society. sunsetcelebration.org Sydney Festival Three week celebration of dance, theatre, visual arts, opera, and music from the classics to hip-hop. Held every January. www.sydneyfestival.org.au Ten Days on the Island Ten Days on the Island is a biannual Tasmanian cultural festival. If features dance, theatre, film, exhibitions, and more. www.tendaysontheisland.org Utah Arts Festival Take place annually in Liberty Square, Salt Lake City, UT. www.uaf.org Virginia Waterfront International Arts Festival Array of cultural events located on waterfront venues in various cities. www.virginiaartsfest.com Watts Summer Festival Featuring performances from musicians, rappers, artists, poets, and more. August 10-12, 2001, in Los Angeles, CA. www.wattsfestival.org Winter Park Florida Sidewalk Art Festival MAtch 15-17, 2002, in Winter Park, FL. www.wpsaf.org Art Events &gt; Festivals Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory &gt; Arts &gt; Events &gt; Festivals Web | Directory | Category Help us improve the Yahoo! Directory - Share your ideas 