 800-533-5743 Home Link to Us New Items Top of the Line Travel Rewards View Cart Car Care Products Car Care by Brand 303 Products Aero Aircraft Detailing Products Blackfire Detail Products Century 400 Detailing Equipment Chemspec Stain Removal Cyclo Polishers Dakota Odor Bombs DurrMaid Carpet Extractors English Custom Metal Polishes Flex Polishers Flitz Polishing Products Forever Black Products G-Floor Garage Coverings Hi-Temp Detail Products INNO Cargo Racks & Awnings Jet Stream Aircraft Products Klasse Car Care Carpet Floor Steamers Lake Country Pads & Plates Leather Master Products Lexol Leather Products Makita Polisher Package Menzerna Car Care Metabo Rotary Polisher Metro Vacuums & Dryers MudPie Pet Products One Grand Products Optimum Car Care OXO Accessories P21S Products Professional Chemical Sprayers Porter Cable Polishers Racatac Creepers RaggTopp Car Care Renovo Convertible Top Renew Rolite Aluminum & Fiberglass Polishes S100 Motorcycle Products SmartWax Products Sonax Car Care Products Sprayway Products Surf City Detail Products Top of the Line Detail Products ProRestore Odor Removal XO Organic Odor Remover Zuffs Wash/Dry & Glass "Best Buy" Exterior Kit Pre-Wash Prep Shampooing Drying Glass & Plexiglass Polisher Pad Cleaner Polish/ Buff & Wax Electric Polishers/ Buffers Polishes, Levelers & Compounds Waxes, Sealants & Wipes Wax & Polish Accessories Auto Detail Buffing DVD Wheel & Tire Car Care Wheel Cleaning Wheel Polishing Wheel Protection Tire & Rubber Cleaning Tire & Rubber Dressing Wheel & Motorcycle Polishing Stools & Creepers Interior Car Care Glass & Plastic Vinyl & Rubber Leather Carpet and Upholstery Odor Removal Cleaning Accessories Interior Kits High End Car Care Products 303 Products Aero Aircraft Detailing Products Blackfire Detail Products English Custom Metal Polishes Forever Black Products Jet Stream Aircraft Products Klasse Car Care Leather Master Products Lexol Leather Products Menzerna Car Care Optimum Car Care P21S Products RaggTopp Car Care Renovo Convertible Top Renew S100 Motorcycle Products SmartWax Products Sonax Car Care Products Surf City Detail Products Professional Car Care Products Top of the Line Detail Products Hi-Temp Detail Products Sprayway Products One Grand Products Odor Removal Dakota Odor Bombs Professional Leather Repair Stain Removal Products Renovo Convertible Top Renew Driveway/Garage Floor Cleaners Aluminum / Fiberglass Polishing Headlight / Plastic Polish Kit Aquapel Professional Package Cement Remover Shampoo Defoamer Exterior Trim Coating Specials Trade Secret Carnauba Wax SmartWax Top of the Line Kit Auto Organizer Special Flex Rotary Polisher L3403VRG Flex L3403VRG Package Porter Cable Polisher Package Specials Travel Coffee Maker 12v Heated Thermos Shine On Sealer & Glaze Kit TIMED SUPER SPECIALS! Makita Polisher Package Metro Vac 'N Blo Vacuum Metro Blaster Dryer SideKick Blaster Dog & Cycle Dryer Metro Inflator / Deflator Jumbo Vac 'N Blo Kreepstool Rolling Chair Polisher Pad Washer Detail Cart Thermo Mugs Microfiber Special Pet Tent Auto Art Super Sale! Our Favorite Gifts! Gift Boutique Auto Collectibles Gift Certificates 12 Volt Travel Accessories Auto Organizer Special Shine On Sealer & Glaze Kit SmartWax Exterior Kit SmartWax Top of the Line Kit SmartWax Detail Clay Kit SmarWax Leather & Wax Kit SmartWax Tire & Wheel Kit SmartWax Wax & Trim Kit SmartWax Interior Kit Leather Master Kit P21S Auto Kit Leather Master Kit RaggTopp Fabric Kit RaggTopp Vinyl Kit 303 Vinyl Top Kit 303 Fabric Top Kit S100 Motorcycle Detail Kit "Best Buy" Exterior Kit New Products Lexol 3 in 1 Leather Care Non-Darkening Nutt Job Cleaning Tools Auto Cargo Organizer Pop-Up Litter Bag Litter Bags for Vehicles Auto Cargo Tote Dog Carrier Security Belts Luggage Covers Auto Interior Door Guard Auto Pet Barrier Aero Aircraft Metal Polish Portable Sports Seat Baby Carrier/ Car Seat Sun Shade Wireless Luggage Finder Wheel Buffing Tool Aero Aircraft Detailing Products Stretching Auto Sun Shade Retractable Car Canopy Awning Sonax Dirt Eraser Blackfire Midnight Sun Carnauba Wax Imperial Microfiber Towel Grush Detail Brush Steering Wheel Protector Low Profile Rolling Seat Rolling Seat w/Storage Spray-On Dressing 18" Water Blade & Handle Optimum Hyper Compound Spray Optimum Hyper Polish Renovo Convertible Top Renew Red Velvet Car Wax Polisher Pad Cleaner Car Coat Hanger Cyclo Pro Variable Speed Polisher SUV Cargo Liner Auto Computer Table Tornador Car Cleaning Tools 200 Watt Converter Sprayway Instant Detail Cleaner Sprayway Instant Detail Wax Detailing Water Tank Light Baby Wipe Warmer Baby Bottle Warmer / Insulator Concrete Stain Remover Driveway & Garage Floor Degreaser Driveway & Garage Rust Remover USB Socket Cup Holder Adapter Menzerna Final Finish Aircraft Metal Restore Exterior Trim Coating Tire White Letter Pen Hitch Mount Bicycle Racks Auto Seat Cover w/ Storage Problem Solvers Swirl Removal Brake Dust Removal Odor Removal Oxidation Removal Faded Vinyl & Rubber Tar & Sap Removal Scratch Removal Acid Rain & Mineral Deposits Overspray & Cement Removal Aluminum & Chrome Polishing Streaks & Smears Paint Chips Carpet & Upholstery Stains Tools of the Trade Detailing Equipment Electric Polishers/ Buffers Carpet Extractors Vacuums & Dryers Portable Pressure Washer Carpet Floor Steamers Odor Removal Detailing Accessories Brushes for Everything! Polisher Pads & Plates Wash Mitts & Sponges Wax & Dressing Applicators Nozzles, Buckets & Squeegees Microfiber Towels & Accessories Towels & Chamois Detail Swabs Sprayers Triggers & Bottles Portable Florescent Lights Stools & Creepers Magnifiers Miscellaneous Detail Accessories Professional Auto Detailing Auto Detail Shops Auto Detail Packages Detailing Equipment Accessories & Small Tools Detail Add-On Services Videos & Business Information Detail Service Reminder Mobile Auto Detailing Auto Detail Packages Mobile Detailing Trailers & Water Tanks Detailing Equipment Accessories & Small Tools Spot Free Water Filter Detail Add-On Services Videos & Business Information Detail Service Reminder Detailing Water Tank Light Odor Removal XO Organic Odor Remover Odor Wipe-Out System Odor Fogger Fogger Counteractant Protein Odor Remover Mold Mildew Remover Urine Odor Remover Hypodermic Injector Black Light Stain Detector Deodorization Manual Product Caddy Chemical Sprayer Auto Glass Repair Glass Repair FAQ Complete Glass Repair System American Bridge Glass Repair Resin Glass Repair Pit Resin Black Light Stain Detector Glass Repair O-Rings & Seals Glass Repair Drill Bits Razor Blades Auto Interior Repair Top of the Line Interior Repair System Pro Interior Repair System Leather/ Vinyl Repair Package Complete Velour Kit 80 Color Velour Kit Why Interior Repair? Leather Repair Tips Interior Repair Training Motoring Mall Auto Sun Shades Auto Sunshade Facts Stretching Auto Sun Shade Sun Glare Shield SunBlaster Visor Shade Retractable Sun Shade Color Changing Sun Shade Roll-On Window Shade Rear Window Shade Side Window Shade Rear Profile Window Shade Magic Shade Sunshade Super Jumbo Pop-Up Sunshade Blockade Windshield Shade Auto Organizers Auto Cargo Organizer Auto Cargo Tote Litter Bags for Vehicles Pop-Up Litter Bag Car Coat Hanger Auto Organizer Special Auto Computer Table Auto Umbrella Holder Folding Eyeglass Holder Folding Cup Holder PDA & iPod Holder Cup Holder Organizer GPS Holder Auto Vent Organizer Cell Phone Cup Holder Glove Box Organizer Auto Map Organizer Visor Organizer 20 CD Visor Organizer Auto Storage Litter Bag Seat Back Auto Organizer No Slip Pads Car Clothes Hanger Auto Clothes Bar Grocery Bag Hooks Truck Cab Organizer Alloy Rim CD/DVD Wallet Speedometer CD/DVD Wallet Auto Clothes Hanger Grocery Bag Holder Cargo & Storage Inno Cargo Fishing Rod Racks Tire Carrier Fold Away Luggage Carrier Rolling Roof Mount Bag Roof Mount Cargo Carrier Roof Mount Cargo Basket SUV Hitch Step SUV Cargo Liner Roof-Top Cargo Net Full Cargo Liner Padded Cargo Liner Rola Cargo Storage Hitch Mount Bicycle Racks Jumper Cable Bag Grocery Bag Holder Tailgate Ladder Wheel Step Hitch Mount Cargo Carrier Seasonal Auto Accessories Winter Traction System Windshield Ice Scraper Windshield Ice Scraper Heated Massage Seat Cushion Heated Seat Cushion Auto Snow Remover Heated Travel Blanket Winter Warrior Windshield Cover Auto Sun Shades Garage & Carport Garage Organizing Systems Garage Storage Garage Floor Covers & Protectors Garage Door Seal Cargo & Storage Stools & Creepers Vacuums & Dryers Compressors, Inflators & Jumpstarts Parking Aids & Sensors Car Door Protection Tailgate Ladder Garage Lighting Driveway Safety SUV Hitch Step Wheel Step Floor Mat Clamp Concrete Stain Remover Driveway & Garage Floor Degreaser Driveway & Garage Rust Remover Berber Auto Floor Mats Custom Berber Floor Mats Personalize Your Mats! Motoring Accessories License Plate Frames Trailer Hitch Covers Antenna Art Designer Key Chains Search by Car Make Acura Audi Beetle BMW Cadillac Chevrolet /GMC Chrysler Corvette Dodge Ford Honda Hyundai Jeep Lambroghini Lexus Mazda Mercedes Mini Cooper Mitsubishi Mustang Nissan Pontiac Porsche PT Cruiser Saturn Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Auto Collectibles Auto Collector Clocks Auto Collector Watches Auto Art Super Sale! Engine Replica Nightlights Nascar Tire Cooler Gift Boutique Carbon Fiber LED Keychain Brake Rotor Coffee Cup Carbon Fiber Ball Pen Damper Pen w/ LED Torch Chevy Pen Holder Clock Recycled Key Chain Bottle Opener Big Bore Exhaust Key Chain Exhaust Ear Plugs Disc Brake Note Pad Magnet Disc Brake Gear Shift Pen Holder Strut Bar Bottle Opener Letter Opener Formula One Business Card Holder Cycle Center Harley Hitch Cover Harley License Plate Frame Bad to the Bone Dog Bowl Motorcycle Drink Holder Cycle Resin Thermometer Classic Cycle Thermometer Harley Dual Key Chain Harley Fat Boy Key Ring Harley Carabiner Key Chain Travel & Recreation Travel with Children Travel with Infants Travel Games & Books Soil & Spill Protectors Keep Me Safe! Store My Stuff! Make Me Comfortable! Pedal Cars Travel with Pets Safe Pet Travel Dog Barriers & Restraints SUV Hitch Step Dog Carriers & Crates Seat Protectors & Cargo Liners Dog Bowls & Grooming Pet Travel Accessories Car Litter Bags Travel Comfort & Safety Travel Pillows Seat Cushions & Back Supports Seat Belt Shoulder Adjuster Seat Belt Shoulder Pad Auto & Truck Arm Rest Airplane Vent Filter Handybar Support Handle Travel Aids 12V Inflator Spotlight Compressor Jumpstart Cordless Inflator & Compressor Wind-Up Flashlight USB Socket Cup Holder Adapter Power Inverter Auxiliary Side View Mirror Ultimate Vision Rear View Mirror Auto Map Light Waterproof Phone Case MP3 Waterproof Case Laptop Computer Light Travel Book Light Wireless Luggage Finder Travel Door Alarm Travel Pill Case Seatbelt Medical Alert No Slip Pads Thermo Mugs French Press Coffee Mug Cup Holder Car Coasters Travel Cleaning Kit Auto Lap Tray Cell Phone Cup Holder Camping Deluxe Pop-Up Tents Pet Tent Portable Umbrella Portable Umbrella Double Hitch Retractable Car Canopy Awning Inno Cargo Fishing Rod Racks 12 Volt Travel Accessories Portable Food Cooler & Warmer Folding Outdoor Chair Waterproof Phone Case MP3 Waterproof Case Wind-Up Lantern Radio Portable Lantern Wind-Up Flashlight Wind-Up Clock Radio Picnic & Tailgating Portable Umbrella Portable Umbrella Double Hitch Retractable Car Canopy Awning Tailgate Seats Nascar Tire Cooler Portable Food Cooler & Warmer Tailgating Picnic Cooler Grill Insulated Picnic Tote Large Picnic Basket Insulated Picnic Basket Portable Coffee Service Backpack Picnic Set Insulated Lunch Tote 12 Volt Travel Accessories Portable Picnic Table Folding Outdoor Chair Portable Sports Seat Travel Cleaning Kit 1,000 Places to See Overnight Accessories Underseat Carry-On Luggage Covers Big Boy Toys Motorcycle Detailing Motorcycle Prep & Wash Motorcycle Polish & Wax Motorcycle Metal Polishing Motorcycle Wheels & Trim Cycle Accessories & Gifts Detail Cart Boat Detailing Boat Prep & Washing Boat Polishing & Waxing Boat Decks & Cabins Marine Metal, Glass & Plastic Renovo Convertible Top Renew Inno Cargo Fishing Rod Racks RV & Trailer Detailing RV Prep & Wash RV/Trailer Polish & Wax RV Wheels & Tires RV Metal Polishing RV Interior Detailing Show-Off Your RV! Aircraft Detailing Aircraft Prep & Wash Aircraft Polish & Wax Aircraft Aluminum Polishing Aircraft De-Ice Boot System Aircraft Interiors Aircraft Landing Gear & Tires Aircraft Engine Detailing Information Resources Detailing Tips Questions & Answers Anthony's Kompressor Tips Convertible Top Care Facts About Odor Removal Applying Auto Detail Clay Polisher Pad Use & Care Leather Master Product Applications SmartWax Application Metal Polishing Secrets Metal Polishing Myths Leather Repair Tips About Top of the Line Meet the Gang! Link to Top of the Line Customer ShowCase Customer Testimonials Privacy & Security Shipping & Payment Ordering & Shipping FAQ Customer Rewards Program Price Matching The sun burns your car's paint as quickly as your skin! Top of the Line's Summer WAX BLOW-OUT insures that paint is protected from UV damage!... Click here for more information. Auto Detailing Supplies &gt; Car Care Products &gt; Car Care by Brand &gt; RaggTopp Car Care &gt; Convertible Top Care Convertible Top Care By Prentice St. Clair There are over four million convertible automobiles on the road today. Every major automotive manufacturer has at least one convertible in its line. Yet most car owners are not aware of any standard operating procedure for the care and maintenance of convertible tops. When you think about it, the convertible top is simply a piece of cloth or vinyl that is up against everything the environment can throw at it. Of course, manufacturers of convertible tops are aware of this and thus use high-grade and heavy-gauge materials for the convertible top. Nonetheless, anything that we can do to provide extra protection to that material will help it last all the longer. Equipped with a bit of knowledge, the proper chemicals, and the right procedure, most people find that convertible top care is rather simple and can be quite profitable. Types of Convertible Tops There are two main types of convertible tops. The difference is due to the material used, either fabric or vinyl. One type is the classic top constructed with cloth as the covering material. This material looks and feels like canvas, but is actually woven of fibers that are either synthetic, like acrylic, polyester, olefin, or a synthetic and cotton blend. These fabrics are actually breathable but are made water repellant by a chemical treatment process used during manufacturing. The original repellency breaks down with time and exposure to the elements. The other type of convertible top is made of thick vinyl. Vinyl is a plastic product composed mostly of polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and made flexible with the addition of plasticizers. The vinyl top may look like a canvas material, but upon close inspection, you can see that the "canvas" is simply an impression stamped into the vinyl when it is manufactured. It is normal for the plasticizers to gradually dry out over time, causing the material to crack and eventually split. With proper care, however, this process can be slowed significantly. Both types of tops are faced with a myriad of potential contamination sources, including acid rain, heat, ultraviolet rays, smog, tree sap, bird droppings, salt, tar, dirt, grease, grit, and mold. A consistent finding in my research on care of convertible tops is the importance of regular and proper cleaning, which helps to remove the contaminants that can damage the material, as well as regular application of an appropriate protectant, which helps to prevent the contaminants from reaching the material in the first place. So what Should We Do? First, it's important, as always, to use the right chemical for the surface of concern. We don't usually use degreaser on the vehicle's paint and we don't use wax to protect leather seats. By the same token, we should use appropriate cleaning and protecting products for the material that makes up the convertible top. Why is this so important? Automobile manufacturers are receiving warranty claims from owners of convertibles that have disintegrated prematurely. Often this can be attributed to an unwitting car care professional or vehicle owner who uses strong solvents or other harsh cleaners on a regular basis to keep the convertible material clean. Unfortunately, such harsh cleanings tend to break down the material and the stitching that holds the swaths of material together. I have personally heard of detailers using a bathroom cleaner commonly employed for removing mold stains from tile grout. Unfortunately, the main ingredient in this cleaner is bleach, which is highly corrosive in nature, especially when used in the concentrations in which it is typically sold over-the-counter. Cloth stitching on a convertible top is not nearly as durable as grout and will break down quickly when exposed repeatedly to products containing strong concentrations of bleach. The fact of the matter is, use of anything other than cleaners designed specifically for convertible tops can cause damage to the material. Even with a milder multi-purpose cleaner, such damage might be minimal, but the concern is the cumulative effect of repeated cleanings with inappropriate chemicals that might lead to the breakdown of the material or the stitching. So what do we use? To find answers to this question, I did some research. First, there is the owner's manual. Most new vehicles with convertible tops contain care instructions that are surprisingly complete. However, most vehicle owners never bother to check out these instructions. Moreover, older owner's manuals were written before the development of a new set of chemicals for the maintenance of convertible tops and thus offer information that contradicts that provided by newer manuals. I also checked out the information and recommendations of some of the leading manufacturers of the materials that make up the convertible tops. I found out that there are, indeed, products designed specifically for the cleaning of convertible tops and similar materials like truck tonneau covers. Companies like The Haartz Corporation, which makes the material for virtually all American and European convertible tops, and Roll-N-Lock, a manufacturer of retractable truck bed tonneau covers, exclusively recommend using RAGGTOPP Convertible Top Care Products from Wolfsteins Pro Series for their products. Additionally, convertible tops need protection just like the paint, leather, or carpeting needs. On fabric tops, it is recommend to use a chemical with a fluorocarbon repelling system. Such a chemical will bond with the fabric and repel liquid and dirt while at the same time providing ultraviolet protection. Look for products that do not contain silicone, Freon, or chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). On vinyl tops, a fluorocarbon repelling chemical is not necessary simply because vinyl is not porous. Instead, use an approved product that protects and beautifies the top. Such a product should have ultraviolet blockers that help reduce the cumulative effect of sunlight exposure. It will also enhance the beauty of the top with a dressing effect. However, it is important to not use products that contain silicone, petroleum solvents, or CFCs, all of which can have a negative impact on the vinyl material. RAGGTOPP Vinyl Top Protectant contains no silicone and can be used on all exterior and interior vinyl without streaking. Additionally, make sure that the products you are using to clean and protect the convertible top are not harmful to paint, glass, chrome or plastic windows. That way, you don't have to worry about overspray or run-off onto the other parts of the vehicle as you proceed with the treatment process described above. Once you've got the right chemicals for cleaning and protecting convertible tops, the process is quite simple. Initial Treatment: New Vehicle Before even getting the vehicle wet, vacuum the convertible top using an upholstery brush to pick up any loose dirt or dust. Next, wet down the top thoroughly and mist it evenly with RAGGTOP 速 Fabric/Vinyl Cleaner approved by the manufacturer. If necessary, the cleaner can be lightly agitated using a soft nylon brush. Rinse the top thoroughly and until all foam from the cleaner dissipates. Allow the top to dry completely. This can be accomplished by simply parking the vehicle in direct sunlight. If this is not possible, you may use forced air from a hair dryer or air mover to assist in speeding up the drying process. Once the top is thoroughly dry, apply the appropriate RAGGTOPP Fabric Protectant (Fabric or Vinyl) evenly across the entire exposed fabric surface in three light coats, allowing the product to dry 10 minutes or so between coats. This process will take no more than an hour and can take quite a bit less than an hour depending on drying times. Reconditioning Treatment: Used Vehicle If the convertible top is on an older vehicle or has not been appropriately cared for, the top will need to be rejuvenated before adding protection. Simply put, the longer the top has gone without appropriate maintenance, the more attention it will need. The cleaning process is best done in the shade to assure that the cleaner does not dry out before you have a chance to rinse it off. On a fabric top, start by thoroughly vacuuming the top with an upholstery brush. Then thoroughly wet down the top. Spray it with RAGGTOPP Convertible Top Cleaner . If the top is heavily soiled, you may want to let the cleaner dwell for up to 15 minutes, but make sure it doesn't dry out. Then scrub it gently but thoroughly with a soft nylon brush, using a circular or back-and-forth crisscross motion. Rinse the top thoroughly and until all foam from the cleaner dissipates. Multiple cleanings using the process above may be necessary to remove as much of the accumulated soil as possible, especially for tops that are several years old. The best way to make sure the top is completely clean before applying protectant is to allow it to dry and visually inspect. A special case is mold, which grows on the dirt and other foreign material that lingers on the top when it is not regularly cleaned. Detailers who are not familiar with the proper care of convertibles often resort to using strong de-molding cleaners that can damage the top and other vehicle surfaces. In the case of stubborn stains such as mold, special procedures may be necessary. After all of the cleaning is done, allow the top to dry completely, again by parking the vehicle in direct sunlight or using a hair dryer or air mover. Once the top is thoroughly dry, apply an appropriate protectant evenly across the entire exposed fabric surface. It may be necessary to use up to two times the number of coats recommended for a new top. It's better to apply light coats, allowing ten minutes or so of sun-drying time between coats. This entire process may take from one to two hours, depending on drying times. Post-Treatment Regular Maintenance Once the initial treatment is complete, it's important to follow-up with regular re-treatment to keep the convertible top looking great and protected for years to come. Vinyl tops should be properly cleaned and re-treated every four to six weeks for maximum protection. Likewise, fabric tops should be cleaned and retreated every three to six months. Re-treatment on both tops can be accomplished by using the procedures outlined in the "Reconditioning Treatment" section above. Between formal treatments, standard carwashing is acceptable and advisable. Although most automatic carwashes are safe for convertible tops, those using barrel brushes should be avoided. Nonetheless, hand-washing will ensure the least amount of cumulative wear-and-tear on the convertible top. Prentice St. Clair offers consulting for the automotive detailing and reconditioning industry. He is recognized as one of the industry's leading experts, having authored several training videos, created training programs, and provided educational sessions for the International and Western Carwash Associations. He continues to provide regular contributions to the industry's trade magazines and offers consulting to automotive detailing operations big and small. Convertible Top Care Visit Top of the Line Motoring &amp; Travel Accessories for your auto & travel items. Top of the Line 1-800-533-5743 1-479-638-7302 110 N.E. Hwy. 45 Bonanza, Arkansas 72916 Customer Service Site Map Order Status Shipping Dept. &copy;2013 topoftheline.com | All rights reserved.  