    KELLEY BLUE BOOK VALUES Find Your Used Car Value If you are planning on buying a used car, selling your car or trading in your car to a dealer, check the Blue Book &reg; value. Select one of the options below that matches your transaction. SELECT A TYPE OF KELLEY BLUE BOOK VALUE  &raquo; Trade-In Value The value you may expect to be offered by a dealer when trading in your own used vehicle. &raquo; Private Party Value The value of a used vehicle in a transaction between two consumers. &raquo; Suggested Retail Value The asking price you may expect to find when shopping for a used vehicle from a dealer.  ADDITIONAL RESOURCES &raquo; New Car Pricing &raquo; Car Reviews &raquo; Read Articles &raquo; New Car Pictures &raquo; Compare Vehicles &raquo; Rebates and Incentives &raquo; Top Ten New Cars &raquo; Car Loan Calculator  ABOUT KELLEY BLUE BOOK If you're searching for used car pricing information, then you'll want to use the most trusted source in the car business: Kelley Blue Book. The Blue Book &reg; is the vehicle information resource used by consumers and the automobile industry to establish price guidelines. Since 1926, new and used car buyers and sellers have relied upon Kelley Blue Book for authoritative and unbiased information to make well-informed car, truck and SUV buying decisions. Kelley Blue Book reports used car values for a variety of buying and selling transactions: trading in your automobile to a dealer, buying a used car from a dealer, buying a used car from a private party and selling your used car to a private party. Blue Book used car values are determined by taking into consideration the equipment and options on the automobile, the vehicle's mileage, the condition of the automobile and the geographic area where the car has been driven. Kelley Blue Book &reg; and Blue Book &reg; are registered trademarks of Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. Copyright &copy; 2013 by Kelley Blue Book Co., All Rights Reserved. May-Aug 2013 Edition. The specific information required to determine the value for this particular vehicle was supplied by the person generating this report. Vehicle valuations are opinions and may vary from vehicle to vehicle. Actual valuations will vary based upon market conditions, specifications, vehicle condition or other particular circumstances pertinent to this particular vehicle or the transaction or the parties to the transaction. This report is intended for the individual use of the person generating this report only and shall not be sold or transmitted to another party. Kelley Blue Book assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions. (v.13083)  &raquo; Auto Insurance Quotes &raquo; Get Auto Financing &raquo; Get a FREE VIN CHECK A D V E R T I S E M E N T Buy New | Buy Used | Finance | Research | Dealer Locator About Us | Dealer Inquiry | Intellectual Property | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Copyright 1996-2013 Car.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved Worldwide.  Get the advantage you need to enjoy Big Savings on your next vehicle purchase by becoming an informed shopper. Yes, I would like to receive valuable vehicle reviews, rebates, and newsletters from Autobytel Yes, I would like to receive promotions and incentives from auto manufacturers and other relevant Autobytel partners Email Address: Zip Code: Privacy Policy  