 Advertisements Johannesburg Current 8 o C View 7 day forecast/Change City or Zip code Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Homepage Back All4Women Win Shop Food Food &amp; Drink MyCookBook Latest Food  Choosing the right medical cover for your age With women making most of the healthcare decisions in their... Health benefits of ginger Product of the week: Salton's BPA-free food steamer View all Most Popular Food  Health benefits of ginger Product of the week: Salton's BPA-free food steamer Harveys restaurant summer menu preview Fashion &amp; Beauty Beauty Beauty Products Advisor and Deals! Beauty Tips Fashion The Salon Guide Weight Loss Tips WindowShopper Latest Fashion &amp; Beauty  Shopping with Clouds: Hot new shoe trends This week Clouds brings you a run down of five... Fab flats for Spring Chunky soup helps weight loss View all Most Popular Fashion &amp; Beauty  Budget buy fashion under R200 What's new at Fashion Express Colour trend for spring fashion: Red At-home treatments for dark spots Home &amp; Garden Home Décor Ideas Household Tips The Green House Latest Home &amp; Garden  Create a lavish lounge look with occasional chairs If you want to give your lounge a chic, cosy... 7 Houseplants that could improve your health Spring cleaning quickies View all Most Popular Home &amp; Garden  3 Plants that protect your home from mosquitoes Spring cleaning quickies 5 Ways to make the most of a small bathroom Health Cancer Children's Health Tips Chronic Diseases Dental Health Environment Health Tips Fitness Health Spas Nutrition Health Articles Health Tips Illnesses Men's Health Pregnancy Health Tips Treatments &amp; Therapies Women's Health Latest Health  7 Houseplants that could improve your health Houseplants offer plenty of health benefits - from oxygenating rooms,... Get more informed to limit weight gain Shocking new details about dangers of smoking View all Most Popular Health  Slim down during supper time How to lose weight and keep it off Lifestyle Lifestyle Travel Inspiring Parenting Motoring Pets Latest Lifestyle  Learn to speak up and get results! As women, we are often confronted with less-than-ideal situations in... School pupils raise funds for rhino Boost your self-esteem with online courses View all Most Popular Lifestyle  Photos: Our world is full of awesome sights The story of a woman you ought to know 5 Reasons breast augmentation is top cosmetic surgery WIN: BlackBerry Q5 smartphone with accessories hamper Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Horoscopes Entertainment Sudoku Crosswords Trivia Quiz Latest Entertainment Renewed interest in documentary following Madiba's illness With the spotlight on the former South African president's health... Renewed interest in documentary following Madiba's illness French flick 'Amelie' to become Broadway musical View all Most Popular Entertainment  The best 'then &amp; now' celebrity photos North West makes debut in first official pic Pics: Celebrity wardrobe malfunctions Miley Cyrus's shocks crowd by twerking on married Robin Thicke Relationships Relationship Articles Ask Annie Dating Wedding Venues Latest Relationships  When to go for couples therapy Relationship coach Kirsten Long tells us why we shouldn’t wait... Ask Annie: Why does he stay if he doesn't love me? Ask Annie: Why does he stay if he doesn't love me? View all Most Popular Relationships  10 Essential elements of a strong relationship Ask Annie: Why does he stay if he doesn't love me? How to deal with unrequited love What men notice first - it’s not what you think! News International news South African News Latest News  Facebook get ‘thousands’ of government requests for info The report showed Facebook received between 11,000 and 12,000 requests... Petrol attendants to strike Sniffer dog weddings cause cultural outcry in Sri Lanka View all Most Popular News  Gupta TV launches with major blunders Taking adultery online – new site kicks off in Hong Kong Hi-tech security upgrade for Coke's 127-year-old recipe Stop the anti-women gag rule - sign the petition now! More General Money Fun Work Readers Photos Latest More View all Most Popular More Blogs All4Women HQ 4 Girls And A Boy Chasing Carats in High Heels Latest Blogs  Diary of a reluctant bachelor: The final entry Closer – Nine Inch NailsIt’s safe to say, that in... Diary of a reluctant bachelor: Father's Day The date from hell View all Most Popular Blogs  Biggest turn-offs for men  Home Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Video: Rihanna gives fan a lap dance! Jun 10, 2013 | 5:09 AM | by BANG Showbiz | with 0 comments Rate this article: Currently 0 out of 5 Stars. 1 2 3 4 5 Thank you for rating! You have already rated this page, you can only rate it once! Your rating has been changed, thanks for rating! Log in or create a user account to rate this page.  Print Rihanna Rihanna gave a male fan an erotic lap dance on stage... The 'Man Down' singer pulled one lucky audience member up on stage at her gig in Antwerp, Belgium, last week before pushing him to the ground and writhing around on top of him . The incredulous fan looked on in delight as Rihanna - clad in a leather corset - straddled him for her sexy dance , which at one point involved her grabbing his hand and rubbing it over her breasts and down her body. The 25-year-old star previously treated an audience member to a similarly seductive treat during a concert in June 2011, setting pulses racing by grinding all over a female fan at a show in Miami, US. Rihanna - who is currently performing around the globe on her Diamonds World Tour - is very vocal about her love of lap dancing and strip clubs . The pop superstar hit up the King of Diamonds Gentleman's club, also in Miami, back in April to see how the girls danced to her music and ended up running up a tab of $8,000 on booze and strippers . Writing about her wild night on Twitter, the 'S&amp;M' singer posted: &quot;Last night one of my fantasies came to life! I got to see K.O.D strippers dance for me to the stripper song I made! (sic)&quot; Watch the video below; Read also: Rihanna blows $8,000 on female strippers! Don&#39;t miss out! Subscribe to our free Entertainment Newsletter Rate this article: Currently 0 out of 5 Stars. 1 2 3 4 5 Thank you for rating! You have already rated this page, you can only rate it once! Your rating has been changed, thanks for rating!  Print  Author info: BANG Showbiz Website: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get All4Women free newsletters Horoscopes Competitions Celebrity News We want to know What do you think about the look of our new site? I don't really like it. It's OK It's great, i love it! Result Latest Items from Our Windowshopper section!  Tropical print skater skirt Mr Price - R99.99 Pussy bow shirt Mr Price - R69.99 Geometric pussy bow shirt Mr Price - R69.99 Abstract printed pussy bow shirt Mr Price - R69.99 View all Homepage Back All4Women Win Shop Food Food &amp; Drink MyCookBook Latest Food  Choosing the right medical cover for your age With women making most of the healthcare decisions in their... Health benefits of ginger Product of the week: Salton's BPA-free food steamer View all Most Popular Food  Health benefits of ginger Product of the week: Salton's BPA-free food steamer Harveys restaurant summer menu preview Fashion &amp; Beauty Beauty Beauty Products Advisor and Deals! Beauty Tips Fashion The Salon Guide Weight Loss Tips WindowShopper Latest Fashion &amp; Beauty  Shopping with Clouds: Hot new shoe trends This week Clouds brings you a run down of five... Fab flats for Spring Chunky soup helps weight loss View all Most Popular Fashion &amp; Beauty  Budget buy fashion under R200 What's new at Fashion Express Colour trend for spring fashion: Red At-home treatments for dark spots Home &amp; Garden Home Décor Ideas Household Tips The Green House Latest Home &amp; Garden  Create a lavish lounge look with occasional chairs If you want to give your lounge a chic, cosy... 7 Houseplants that could improve your health Spring cleaning quickies View all Most Popular Home &amp; Garden  3 Plants that protect your home from mosquitoes Spring cleaning quickies 5 Ways to make the most of a small bathroom Health Cancer Children's Health Tips Chronic Diseases Dental Health Environment Health Tips Fitness Health Spas Nutrition Health Articles Health Tips Illnesses Men's Health Pregnancy Health Tips Treatments &amp; Therapies Women's Health Latest Health  7 Houseplants that could improve your health Houseplants offer plenty of health benefits - from oxygenating rooms,... Get more informed to limit weight gain Shocking new details about dangers of smoking View all Most Popular Health  Slim down during supper time How to lose weight and keep it off Lifestyle Lifestyle Travel Inspiring Parenting Motoring Pets Latest Lifestyle  Learn to speak up and get results! As women, we are often confronted with less-than-ideal situations in... School pupils raise funds for rhino Boost your self-esteem with online courses View all Most Popular Lifestyle  Photos: Our world is full of awesome sights The story of a woman you ought to know 5 Reasons breast augmentation is top cosmetic surgery WIN: BlackBerry Q5 smartphone with accessories hamper Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Horoscopes Entertainment Sudoku Crosswords Trivia Quiz Latest Entertainment Renewed interest in documentary following Madiba's illness With the spotlight on the former South African president's health... Renewed interest in documentary following Madiba's illness French flick 'Amelie' to become Broadway musical View all Most Popular Entertainment  The best 'then &amp; now' celebrity photos North West makes debut in first official pic Pics: Celebrity wardrobe malfunctions Miley Cyrus's shocks crowd by twerking on married Robin Thicke Relationships Relationship Articles Ask Annie Dating Wedding Venues Latest Relationships  When to go for couples therapy Relationship coach Kirsten Long tells us why we shouldn’t wait... Ask Annie: Why does he stay if he doesn't love me? Ask Annie: Why does he stay if he doesn't love me? View all Most Popular Relationships  10 Essential elements of a strong relationship Ask Annie: Why does he stay if he doesn't love me? How to deal with unrequited love What men notice first - it’s not what you think! News International news South African News Latest News  Facebook get ‘thousands’ of government requests for info The report showed Facebook received between 11,000 and 12,000 requests... Petrol attendants to strike Sniffer dog weddings cause cultural outcry in Sri Lanka View all Most Popular News  Gupta TV launches with major blunders Taking adultery online – new site kicks off in Hong Kong Hi-tech security upgrade for Coke's 127-year-old recipe Stop the anti-women gag rule - sign the petition now! More General Money Fun Work Readers Photos Latest More View all Most Popular More Blogs All4Women HQ 4 Girls And A Boy Chasing Carats in High Heels Latest Blogs  Diary of a reluctant bachelor: The final entry Closer – Nine Inch NailsIt’s safe to say, that in... Diary of a reluctant bachelor: Father's Day The date from hell View all Most Popular Blogs  Biggest turn-offs for men All4Women About Us Archive Contact Us Meet The Team Privacy Policy RSS Sitemap Terms Of Use Food &amp; Drink Food &amp; Drink Articles MyCookBook Recipes Fashion &amp; Beauty Beauty Beauty Tips Fashion The Salon Guide Weight Loss Tips WindowShopper Home &amp; Garden Home Décor Ideas Household Tips The Green House Health Cancer Children Health Tips Chronic Diseases Dental Health Environment Health Tips Fitness Health Spas Nutrition Health Articles Health Tips Illnesses Men's Health Pregnancy Health Tips Treatments &amp; Therapies Women's Health Lifestyle Inspiring Lifestyle Motoring Parenting Pets Travel Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Horoscopes Sudoku Trivia Quiz Relationships Ask Annie Dating Relationship Articles Wedding Venues More General Money Fun Work Readers Photos Blogs 4 Girls And A Boy All4Women HQ Chasing Carats In High Heels Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Designed and powered by Audience Media 