  Tuesday 27 August 2013 ebooks i Jobs Dating Shop  Click here...  News Voices Sport Tech Life Property Arts &amp; Ents Art News Features Reviews Great Works Architecture Music News Features Reviews Classical News Features Reviews Films News Features Reviews TV &amp; Radio News Features Reviews Theatre &amp; Dance News Features Reviews Comedy News Features Reviews Books News Features Reviews Puzzles and Games Edinburgh Festival No.6 Travel Money IndyBest Blogs Student Offers  Syria Fukushima Apprenticeships George Osborne Greece Michael Gove Click here... Arts &amp; Ents > Books > Reviews Melville House £18.99 Dead Funny: Humor in Hitler's Germany, By Rudolph Herzog Why the Reich had no real rib-ticklers Reviewed by Steve Jelbert Sunday 22 May 2011 Print  Your friend's email address Your email address Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies A A A Email Related articles JCPenney kettle looks like Adolf Hitler A Berliner in 1963 – but did John F Kennedy once admire Adolf Hitler? Russian MP: &#039;Let me knock down Hitler&#039;s home&#039; Hollywood helped Hitler, academic claims Hitler&#039;s return: Timely satire or a joke too far? Suggested Topics Germany German Politics Fawlty Towers Dictators Peter Watson's recent The German Genius, a primer of Teutonic talent overlooked by a nation (ours) obsessed with National Socialism, was a thoughtful reminder of just how much German Kultur gave to the modern world, from abstract concepts to reassuringly solid engineering. Humour, though, barely appears. The disconnect between German ghastliness and German brilliance doesn't allow room for it. After all, when John Cleese exploded in Fawlty Towers, it was the concussed Basil's guests who pleaded that there was nothing funny about the war, &quot;not for us, not for any German&quot;. Yet jokes were not simply abolished in the Third Reich, as Rudolph Herzog, son of the film-maker Werner, makes clear in this concise, compelling book. Although some died for their quips, their fates had already been decided from above. The actor and indiscreet raconteur Robert Dorsay, already hounded from employment, made one last splash as lurid posters announced his judicial murder. By contrast, the cabaret artist Werner Finck somehow managed to navigate his way through the era, daringly evading arrest by signing up. Postwar, he became a living symbol of a lost age. Stripped of historical context, few of the gags in this book are actually funny, the author concedes. But he never lets mild satire pass as heroic opposition. Drinkers entering a bar and substituting &quot;drei liter!&quot; for the &quot;German greeting&quot; (&quot;Heil Hitler!&quot;) or jazz-loving Swing Kids yelping &quot;swing heil!&quot; were as ineffectual as they were witty. Such gadflies were rarely prosecuted. This, then, is a history of what passed for humour, including triumphalist gloating and petty anti-Semitic clichés. Unlike Hammer and Tickle, Ben Lewis's investigation of oppositional humour under Communism, Herzog gives equal space to the state-approved and compromised. Top Nazis liked to be seen enjoying themselves in public, taking in light entertainment that ranged from the feeble to the downright shocking. An astonishingly unfunny script unearthed from a never broadcast television variety show even refers to &quot;concertration camps&quot;, a bad taste pun to beat all. The turgid wartime public information routines of the characters Tran and Helle now seem merely threatening. German film, especially comedy, regressed as party hacks took over and the most talented fled. But Jewish entertainers, effectively awaiting death, continued to perform. The forced cabaret at the &quot;model camp&quot; Theresienstadt was, paradoxically, freer than any since Weimar. The official propaganda film made under duress by the talented camp inmates somehow became known by the strictly unofficial, bleakly sarcastic title The Führer Gives the Jews a City. If a culture's strength is exemplified by its sense of humour, then the Nazis could never have wiped out Jewry. More in Reviews &raquo;  Independent Comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus News in pictures Arts &amp; Ents blogs Interview: David Stewart: “As much as writing my own material is important, writing and producing for other people are important as well” Children’s Book Blog: The Edinburgh International Book Festival 2013 10 tips to cope while Doctor Who is off the air         Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics  Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Celebrity Big Brother 2013: Meet Dustin Diamond, Charlotte Crosby, Carol McGiffin and the rest of the new housemates Four Weddings and 72 auditions: Hugh Grant won romcom role after marathon casting process MTV VMA Awards 2013 photo gallery: Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus and Bruno Mars among the stars on show The tongue, the twerking, the teddy outfit: Should someone have stopped Miley Cyrus&#039; VMA performance? The X-smiles: Gillian Anderson shows her lighter side 1 Syria: Russia’s warning falls on deaf ears as Britain and US prepare to bomb 2 Black Death returns: Herder dies of bubonic plague in Kyrgyzstan after being bitten by infected flea 3 Jamie Oliver: Let them eat stale bread 4 A-level student who gained six A* grades pens furious letter to Michael Gove over &#039;offensive&#039; exam reforms 5 Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: the crowd, the internet and the ‘Smith Family’ react  Click here...  Click here...  SPONSORED FEATURES  Win all you need for a delicious champagne picnic Tell us how you will make today delicious. You could win a £50 M&amp;S Giftcard plus this month's grand prize. Reader survey Visit Norway M&amp;S Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes &amp; offers Business videos Summer food reader survey Take our grocery shopping survey for your chance to win a £100 M&amp;S store gift card. M&amp;S prizes Visit Norway M&amp;S Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes &amp; offers Business videos See Norway’s spectacular coastline There is no finer way to discover and explore the dramatic Norwegian coastline than aboard an authentic Hurtigruten cruise. M&amp;S prizes Reader survey M&amp;S Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes &amp; offers Business videos Summer Moments inspired by your M&S; We have partnered with M&amp;S to offer you inspiring ideas that will surprise and delight your family and friends M&amp;S prizes Reader survey Visit Norway Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes &amp; offers Business videos Where's Wallonia? War and peace: history revisited in the cities of Southern Belgium - a travel guide in association with the Belgian Tourist Office. M&amp;S prizes Reader survey Visit Norway M&amp;S Nook Prizes &amp; offers Business videos Celebrate the joy of reading with NOOK® You can buy a NOOK Simple Touch Glowlight at £69, or the NOOK HD8GB Tablet for just £99 - until 3 September. M&amp;S prizes Reader survey Visit Norway M&amp;S Visit Wallonia Prizes &amp; offers Business videos Enter the latest Independent competitions Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. M&amp;S prizes Reader survey Visit Norway M&amp;S Visit Wallonia Nook Business videos Business videos from commercial thought leaders Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business. M&amp;S prizes Reader survey Visit Norway M&amp;S Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes &amp; offers   >" class="submitbtn bluebg" />  The X-smiles After Agent Scully, and The Fall, Gillian Anderson is ready to show off her lighter side Bank Holidays offer a complete break from it all – except the BlackBerry One banker&#039;s wife describes the stress of vacationing with a workaholic husband Saint GK Chesterton? Bishop begins preliminary tests for canonisation of writer From Purcell to Punk Gareth Malone hopes to take choirs from their comfort zones with new release The maternity gap 50,000 women a year don’t get jobs back Eduardo Paolozzi Living in a materialist world Pick a product that packs a punch The 10 Best face masks  The big fashion cover-up: Coats Make hay while the sun shines but remember cold weather is closer than you think Flushing Meadows ups the financial ante in battle of the Grand Slams The majors are raising prize money and improving facilities In the frame: Linda Farrow Brains behind sunglasses brand delving into our shady past Tailor-made for all pockets Patrick Grant meets Debenhams? Downing Street hogs the remote control The PM&#039;s use of tame media is annoying the big guns at Sky, ITN and the BBC A nation of workaholics The death of Merrill Lynch banking intern Moritz Erhardt shines a light on the cult of presenteeism – and the need for a new work culture Tim Harford: The man who gives geeks a good name Economics has never been more accessible, or instructive, thanks to one writer&#039;s mission  The Independent 2 Derry Street London W8 5TT &copy; independent.co.uk Terms &amp; Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes &amp; Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals  Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics &copy; independent.co.uk  Click here...   