 Homepage : Message Board : Itineraries : Elite6 Business Networking : Facebook : Twitter : YouTube : Top100 : Web Design : Links : About Us : Contact Us search categories Accommodation Automotive Business Economy Education Training Entertainment Leisure Health Beauty Internet Computers Shopping Transportation Travel Tourism Australian Categories accommodation search Akaroa Arrowtown Ashburton Auckland Bay of Islands Blenheim Cambridge (NZ) Canterbury (NZ) Christchurch Coromandel Peninsula Cromwell Dargaville Dunedin Fox Glacier Franz Josef Gisborne Gore Greymouth Haast Hamilton Hanmer Springs Hastings Havelock North Hokianga Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Kaitaia Lake Brunner Marlborough (NZ) Martinborough Masterton Methven Motueka Mount Cook Mount Maunganui Mount Ruapehu Napier Nelson Nelson Lakes New Plymouth Oamaru Ohakune Omarama Orewa Beach Palmerston North Picton Punakaiki Queenstown Rotorua South Westland Stewart Island Stratford (NZ) Taipa Taupo Tauranga Te Anau Tekapo Timaru Turangi Twizel Waiheke Island Waikato Wairarapa Waitomo Waiwera Wanaka Wanganui Wellington Westport Whakatane Whangamata Whangarei Whitianga bulletin boards &amp; forums Message Board Network Target Shooting Talk Equestrian Network Separation Support products &amp; services NZ Electronics BODYSEEN Beauty Products New Zealand Power Tools Deer Velvet Products Manuka Products Pet Products New Zealand Wines NZ Made Gifts &amp; Souvenirs Fleshlight New Zealand 18+ Personal Lubricant 18+ popular resources About New Zealand Adventure Thrill Sports Bungy Jumping Sites Diving Locations Fishing Guides Forest Parks Freshwater Fisheries Golf Course Regions Green Camping Guide Free &amp; Low Cost Activities Great Walking Tracks History of the Maori Hunting Regions National Parks Rafting &amp; Kayaking Scenic Highlights Ski Areas &amp; Heli-Ski Sites Small Town Travel Guide Surfing Locations Touring Guide Wine Regions australia information About Australia Cape York Peninsula Tasmania Itineraries Tasmania Great Walks join our mailing list subscribe unsubscribe auckland entertainment Scrolling Text Adverts Your advert here &amp; bring more targeted visitors to your site [ read more ] Introduction articles Places to Stay Places to Eat Entertainment Transportation Things to Do Shopping Centres regions Manakau City Waitakere City North Shore City Rodney District Auckland is a happening place with the most vibrant theatre, arts and club scene in the country. With a million residents to entertain and even more overseas visitors arriving each year, Auckland has a great diversity of nightlife. It reaches a climax on Friday and Saturday nights when the most popular venues are overflowing with revellers. Cafes, restaurants and bars often serve food and drink all through the night with music and dancing round the clock. Some of the hottest venues can be found along the entertainment strip known as K&rsquo;Rd at the top of Queen Street. Here clubs and bars offer heaps of variety in musical style with both live performance and DJ recordings at low admission charges ($5 or so). There are Irish pubs, Latin rhythm and jazz groups. Top Kiwi musos and overseas bands often perform gigs here. Ponsonby Road and Jervois Road continue on from K&rsquo;Rd, extending the clubbing strip. Cafes and bars are packed in between the wooden villas and boutique shops. The Downtown area and the waterfront have live jazz in late-night trendy bars and there are regular performances of fully plugged bands. Auckland&rsquo;s theatre scene is concentrated on K&rsquo;Rd, the Civic Theatre, Town Hall, Sky City Theatre and Aotea Centre. The Aotea Centre is a world class venue for theatre, classical music, opera and ballet. There are several performances each year by the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra and the Auckland Philharmonic. On any night of the week the city can usually offer visitors a choice of entertainment including plays, comedy, dance troupe, opera or ballet. Cinemas are centred on Queen Street and suburban multicomplexes. In July each year an International Film Festival features a wide range of foreign movies. To find out what&rsquo;s happening in the city pick up a copy of the gig guides and events calendar from the Viaduct Basin Visitor Centre. Also check Auckland&rsquo;s daily newspaper &lsquo;The Herald&rsquo;, for its entertainment pages and &lsquo;What&rsquo;s On&rsquo; Saturday supplements. Just choose a nightclub or show that's all aglow and go with the flow. Homepage : Message Board : Itineraries : Elite6 Business Networking : Facebook : Twitter : YouTube : Top100 : Web Design : Links : About Us : Contact Us north island visitor information south island visitor information Auckland : Bay of Plenty : Chatham Islands : Coromandel Peninsula : Gisborne &amp; the East Cape : Hamilton : Masterton : Napier &amp; Hastings : New Plymouth : Palmerston North : Rotorua : Taupo : Waitomo Caves : Wanganui : Wellington : Whangarei Arrowtown : Ashburton : Christchurch : Dunedin : Fox Glacier : Franz Josef : Hokitika : Hurunui District : Kaikoura : Lake Hawea : Makarora : Methven Mt Hutt : Nelson District : Picton : Queenstown : Rangiora : Southern Lakes District : Southland : Twizel : Waimakariri District : Waitaki Valley &amp; Kurow : Wanaka : West Coast Development, Hosting &amp; Promotion by New Zealand's Information Network Join our Network and become a part of New Zealand's Information Network All content is protected by international copyright &copy; law 