  Home Rates Calculators Mortgages Mortgage Home Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Refinance Home Refinance Rates Home Equity Calculators Bank Accounts CD Rates Checking &amp; Savings Money Market Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Credit Cards Credit Cards Home Best Credit Cards Calculators Insurance Insurance Home Current Rates Auto Auto Home Loan Rates Insurance Quotes Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Investments Investment Home Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Calculators Financial Planning Debt Management College Finance Taxes Calculators Personal Loans  advertisement Print Subscribe auto How much should your car repair cost? By Tara Baukus Mello â&euro;¢ Bankrate.com Americans are keeping their cars longer than ever, with the average car being about 10 years old. While huge benefits of driving an older car include not having a car payment and having lower insurance costs, a disadvantage is that you can be hit with some unexpected, pricey car repairs. Fortunately, now there are numerous websites that provide guidance on whether the repair estimate you received is fair. Share this story  LinkedIn Delicious Reddit Stumbleupon Email story More On Cars: Find the best auto rates Car repair shop or dealer? Car payment calculator Can a dealer kill a car loan? Create a news alert for "auto" Two of the most comprehensive websites for car-repair costs are AutoMD and RepairPal, which are both free to use. Launched in 2010, AutoMD is owned by US Auto Parts, an online auto parts retailer. It is staffed of a team of automotive data specialists and certified auto mechanics, using data based on average labor costs by ZIP code, time to repair and real-time pricing data on parts. RepairPal was founded in 2007 by a group of auto enthusiasts and entrepreneurs. It creates its estimates based on real-world data, including actual car-repair invoices, labor rates and parts costs. Both AutoMD and RepairPal offer repair cost estimates based on ZIP code for regular maintenance as well as car repairs, with pricing estimates at a dealership or an independent mechanic. AutoMD also adds cost estimates for do-it-yourselfers. Testing with sample repairs on each site showed that the estimates were in the same range on both sites. RepairPal's estimate provides a range for the overall cost as well as breaks down ranges for labor and parts. The AutoMD repair estimate is more comprehensive, also containing the exact time estimate for the car repair as well as the labor rate and parts costs at a dealer and an independent mechanic. As a result, it makes it easier for the consumer to make adjustments if the labor rate at a shop is higher or lower. Consumers can easily print out the estimate to show to a mechanic. For those who are in need of a mechanic, both sites provide a comprehensive list of shops based on the ZIP code entered. RepairPal's list shows the shops on a map and provides shop details such as hours, specialties and reviews. AutoMD's list takes things a step further, showing how many AutoMD users have requested quotes from the business and the type of quotes, and it shows the number of mechanics. It also specifies whether the shop uses Mitchell or Chilton labor standards and if it installs parts shipped by AutoMD partners. While these sites help arm consumers with solid information to help ensure they are not getting taken advantage of, consumers still need to decide between using a dealer or an independent shop and whether it makes sense to save a few dollars by using aftermarket parts instead of original equipment parts. Get more news, money-saving tips and expert advice by signing up for a free Bankrate newsletter . Ask the adviser If you have a car question, email it to us at Driving for Dollars . Read more Driving for Dollars columns and Bankrate auto stories . Follow her on Facebook here or on Twitter @SheDrives . Bankrate's content, including the guidance of its advice-and-expert columns and this website, is intended only to assist you with financial decisions. The content is broad in scope and does not consider your personal financial situation. Bankrate recommends that you seek the advice of advisers who are fully aware of your individual circumstances before making any final decisions or implementing any financial strategy. Please remember that your use of this website is governed by Bankrate's Terms of Use . advertisement Related Links: Fuel economy rises at Detroit auto show 5 concept cars from the Detroit auto show New car window sticker offers more info Related Articles: Auto loan rates Ew! Ugly cars at auto show 6 supercars to covet Tara Baukus Mello writes Bankrate's cars blog as well as the weekly Driving for Dollars column, providing both practical financial advice for consumers as well as insight into the latest developments in the automotive world. Bankrate.com's corrections policy Posted: April 13, 2012 Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages thoughtful and constructive comments. We ask that you stay focused on the story topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, illegal contents and advertisement posts. Comments are not reviewed before they are posted. Bankrate reserves the right (but is not obligated) to edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use . Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. Connect with us  Compare Auto Rates  zip code:    product:  -- select -- 48 Mo New Car 60 Mo New Car 48 Mo Used Car 36 Mo Auto Refi   48 Mo New Car  average  2.43%   About our rates advertisement Most Read Kitchen remodeling ideas under $500 Phil Mickelson's home for sale Car-ownership costs by state Study: BMW drivers are the worst What 6 TV homes cost in real life Homes for every stage of life Dirt-cheap home for sale in Detroit 4 risky places to swipe debit card 6 surprises from health care reform No more Social Security at 62?  About this index Auto Averages  Product Rate +/- Last week 48 month used car loan 2.56% 2.57% 48 month new car loan 2.43% 2.45% 36 month used car loan 2.55% 2.57% 36 month new car loan 2.38% 2.40% View rates in your area: A little research could save you BIG on interest. Don't have time? Our rate-tracker tool saves you time and money. Delivered Thursdays. advertisement Partner Center advertisement By   Tara Baukus Mello  Cars  Â»   Honda supports car drive-ins   Honda's Project Drive-In is out to rescue drive-ins from closure as they are forced to switch to digital projection. View more Bankrate Blogs Â» advertisement About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Topics Newsletters Mobile Apps Understanding Bankrate's rate averages Â© 2013 Bankrate, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Disclosure: Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. 