  Already got a valuation? Retrieve my valuation Manage my appointment About Us How It Works Why Choose us? News Contact Testimonials Newsletter Archive TV Advertisement Charity Work Press Centre  Value My Car Branch Locator Frequently Asked Questions More Sell My Car Sell My Van Sell My Car USA Love My Car  We buy any car - Sell my car today FREE Instant Online Valuation Retrieve my valuation Manage my appointment The UK's favourite car buying service 8/10 of our customers said they got a better deal overall than part exchange Over 425,000 people have chosen to sell to us 100+ branches nationwide Money paid straight in to your bank HOW IT WORKS Step 1 Get a free no obligation valuation above Based on the real value that cars are currently achieving in the market and the information you enter. Step 2 Book your appointment At one of our 100+ branches nationwide. You'll meet one of our experienced vehicle purchasers who will do an on-site inspection to check your car against the details you've supplied, take it for a test drive and confirm the valuation. Step 3 Complete the sale If you choose to sell to us we'll pay the money straight in to your bank.  Over 425,000 people have chosen to sell to us We are committed to helping all of our customers sell their car in a fast, safe and easy way whilst also providing the best possible customer experience. We have over 50 years' experience in the motor industry and this knowledge ensures that we can provide you with a fast, safe and easy way to sell your car. &quot;Very easy process&quot; Very happy with the service. Thanks! Allison Melling, Haydock Ford Fiesta &quot;Excellent service&quot; The Metro centre branch were so friendly, selling my car was so fun! Alex Whiteley, Newcastle Vauxhall Corsa  Privacy &amp; Cookies Terms &amp; Conditions Site Map Press Centre Mobile Website About Us How It Works Why Choose Us? Frequently asked questions Branch Locator Contact Us Testimonials Newsletter Archive TV Advertisement Charity Work Part Exchange Car Valuation Sell My Van Love My Car Sell My Car USA Add us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube Follow us on Google Free Car Valuation |  Mobile Website |  Privacy &amp; Cookies Policy |  Terms &amp; Conditions |  Site Map &copy; We Buy Any Car Ltd. 2006-2013  You don't have javascript enabled. Please enable javascript to use this site. Close 