 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Arts &amp; Entertainment Books Books Other How to Write Entertainment Articles How to Write Entertainment Articles By an eHow Contributor Share Print this article Writing about entertainment is more than covering parties and nightclubs. Entertainment is a very broad term. The "entertainment industry" usually refers to celebrities, music, movies and television. Entertainment can also mean video games, DVDs, books and other pastimes that amuse us and keep us occupied. In order to write a good entertainment article or review, research the topic fully to provide factual information about your subject. Other People Are Reading How to Write an Entertaining Blog Post How to Write a Feature Story Lead to Attract Readers Things You'll Need Copies of specific movies, video games or books Gaming system DVD player Show More Instructions Review Your Favorite Book, Movie or Video Game 1 Become intimately familiar with the sources of entertainment about which you plan to write. This could include reading a book, watching a movie or playing a video game several times until you know the plot points inside out. 2 Take notes on the item you are reviewing while you are using it, so you do not forget certain details before you write your review. This can include the appropriate age group for the material, the quality of graphics on a video game and the type of extra features included on a DVD. 3 Write a brief summary of the basic storyline so that readers will be intrigued with the book, game or movie and want to experience it themselves. Avoid giving away surprise endings. 4 Tell the readers why you think certain sections of the material were good and why other areas did not work. Use language that supports your position, such as "the actress did not bring enough emotion to the role," rather than "I hate this actress." 5 Research previous works by the same author, director or creator. Draw comparisons to the current work to give the reader a feeling for how the material you are reviewing fits into a larger scheme. Many readers of book reviews, for example, like to see how a new book compares to the author's previous titles. 6 Be consistent with your formatting of punctuation. Find out if the publication you write articles for prefers a particular format. Write About Your Favorite Celebrity 7 Gain access to an interview with the celebrity you want to write about. Unless you are already an established entertainment writer, this is very difficult to do. Personal interviews are a key factor in securing factual information about a person in the entertainment world. 8 Research biographical information about your entertainment personality's life. Many well-known entertainers have had their biographies published. Information obtained from authorized biographies is more likely to be accurate than that from unauthorized accounts. 9 Watch the subject of your entertainment article on television talk shows, especially if she is promoting an upcoming movie. This is a good source for information if you cannot conduct a personal interview. 10 Determine what angle you are going to use for your article. Like feature articles, entertainment pieces need to have a narrow focus. Write about a humanitarian issue you know the celebrity is involved in, for instance, and how he is helping the cause. 11 Use the notes you have gathered to form an outline for your article. Outlining a large task helps make it seem smaller and easier to handle. 12 Write out a rough draft of your article, knowing that you can edit it later. Concern yourself with getting the facts down on paper and worry about fixing typos and smoothing transitions later. 13 Proofread, check your facts and correct any mistakes in your writing as you prepare the final draft of your entertainment article. Tips &amp; Warnings Be very careful about making accusations or implications about a celebrity's behavior or intentions in entertainment articles. Libel, defined as the defamation of character in a printed source, is a serious offense that can lead to legal action taken against you. Related Searches  More Like This How to Write an Entertaining Blog Post How to Write a Feature Story Lead to Attract Readers How to Write a Newspaper Article Comments You May Also Like How to Write Feature Articles Most of us read feature articles every day in the newspaper or in popular magazines. Feature articles are not front-page, time-sensitive news... How to Become an Entertainment Reporter If you love entertainment news and you want a job in journalism, ... or create your own entertainment news blog. 5. Apply... Tips for Writing Arts &amp; Entertainment Reviews Review writing is often the easiest way to break into writing as a freelancer. You can write a timely movie, television, book,... How to Write Satire About Current Events Satire is a sharp-edged art form. A satirist uses irony, exaggeration or ridicule to demean the people and situations she doesn&#039;t like.... How to Teach Kids to Write a Feature Article Feature articles may be both informative and entertaining. ... How To Write Newspaper Article Lesson Plans; How to Teach Writing Articles; Comments.... How to Write a Movie Review for a Newspaper If you write a review for a newspaper, be honest and with your criticism or praise of the movie. ... Tips for... How to Write an Entertainment Speech Writing an entertainment speech, or roast, can be broken down into three sections: telling your audience what your speech is about, the... How to Write an Entertainment Resume Some may consider making a living as an entertainer, whether it be an actor or a musician, a bit of a pipe... How to Write an Entertainment Industry Resume The entertainment industry is competitive, ... Writing a resume to help you procure a job in film production requires different information than... How to Write Magazine and Newspaper Articles Arts &amp; Entertainment; Writing; Writing Articles; How to Write Magazine and Newspaper Articles; X. Must See: Slide Shows. How to Write Magazine... How to Write Humor Columns How to Write Entertainment Articles. Entertainment is a very broad term. The &quot;entertainment industry&quot; usually refers to celebrities, music, movies and television. How to Write Sports Articles One of the parts of the newspaper that people read most often is the sports page. It is a quick, easy and... About Feature Writing Although feature writing may contain elements of news, its main job is to educate, humanize, enlighten or entertain. ... How to Write... How to Create an Entertainment Business Plan For an entertainment company, for example, you would want to include the initial services you&#039;d offer as part of your business model,... How to Write Comedy How to Write Comedy. Part of the series: Starting in Entertainment. There are several types of comedians, observational, story or prop, impression,... How to Write an Art Review How to Write an Art Review for Humanities Class; How to Write an Art Exhibition Review; Print this article; ... Tips for... How to Find an Essay Topic Arts &amp; Entertainment; Writing; About Essay Writing; How to Find an Essay Topic; X. Must See: Slide Shows. ... Essay writing can... What Is Expository Writing? One form that is well known among many is expository writing. ... Arts &amp; Entertainment; Writing; Writing Narratives; What Is Expository Writing?... How to Write a Business Article Arts &amp; Entertainment; Writing; Writing Articles; How to Write a Business Article; X. Must See: Slide Shows. How to Write a Business... How to Write Articles of Incorporation Example of Texas Articles of Incorporation. In Texas, the founding document of a company is called the Certificate of Formation, not Articles... Related Ads  Check It Out Learn to Sew, for Free! You May Like How to Write an Entertaining Blog Post How to Write a Feature Story Lead to Attract Readers How to Write a Newspaper Article Tips for Writing Arts & Entertainment Reviews Entertaining Writing Activities How to Become an Entertainment Reporter How to Start a Successful Entertainment Blog How to Write an Entertainment Speech Featured 10 Great No-Cut Hair Changes View Photos How to Avoid Breaking Guitar Strings Read Article 9 Hassle-Free Ways to Liven Up Walls View Photos Others Also Viewed How to Write Research Articles Good Term Paper Topics How to Write a Historical Book Review How to Make a Scratch Remover for CDs, DVDs or Video Games Using Music Press Articles ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap &copy; 1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 