  × × Welcome! Welcome Back! Thanks for being a frequent visitor to host.madison.com . You have now viewed of your FREE premium pages this 30-day period. After you have viewed FREE pages, we will ask you to purchase a subscription. To Continue reading, follow these steps: 1 2 1. Choose your subscription. Limited Time Offer Digital Only $0.99 /month 99&cent; Print Subscriber .99c Trial Offer 1 Month introductory rate ($1.95 after) $0.99 /month  Need Help? Call: 800-362-8333 Already have digital access? Sign in to your account. Please Wait&hellip; Need Help? Call: 800-362-8333  WSJ Subscriber Services Archives Obituaries Place an ad More Advertiser Services Legal Notices Email Alerts Mobile Apps Comics Games & Puzzles Contact us Join our community Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home Sites Madison.com CapitalTimes WisconsinStateJournal 77Square Sports PrepZone DailyCardinal Food Topics DiningGuide Reviews The Latest Yeah, I Ate That: Lay's Chicken and Waffle potato chips The search for the new flavors of Lay's potato chips became an epic journey. Jordandal Cookhouse provides the taste of home cooking without the toil At Jordandal Cookhouse, takeout lunches and dinners are all made with local, pasture-raised meats and the farthest away any ingredients come f&hellip; Recent Taste Invaders: Oregon chefs serve up invasive species Restaurant News: Heritage Tavern scheduled to open Saturday Cooks' Exchange: Vacation food for the last days of summer Wild cucumber invasion hits area Beer Baron: Next Door brings even more good beer to East Side Movies Topics Reviews MovieTimes NowPlaying UpcomingMovies TheaterLocations The Latest 'World's End' serves up one hilarious apocalypse The trilogy may be over, but we hope a new one is beginning. We need a lot more of these guys. Box office for the weekend ending Aug. 25 "The Butler" served up another first-place showing at the box office for the third straight weekend. Recent 'The Spectacular Now' is a gem of a teen romance Cate Blanchett is luminous in Woody's 'Blue Jasmine' A Hollywood underachiever finds her voice in 'In a World ...' Movie review: ‘Mortal Instruments’ saga opens in a cemetery — not a good sign Shooting movies: Top 10 flicks featuring crossbows and bows Music Topics Reviews Calendar The Latest Coming Attractions: DELTRON 3030, Wild Child, Bro Safari Alternative hip-hop supergroup Deltron 3030, featuring Dan the Automator and Del the Funky Homosapien, comes to the Majestic in October. Lance Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Miley Cyrus Don't get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second `N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. Recent MTV Video Music Awards: What happened to Hannah Montana? Best Bets: Rev. Horton Heat, Bat for Lashes, Grace Potter &amp; The Nocturnals Beat that!: 35 years later, The English Beat goes on for founder Dave Wakeling Review: Jimmy Buffett returns with lackluster new album Cyndi Lauper to perform &quot;She's So Unusual&quot; at Capitol Theater on Oct. 29 Arts Topics Books Reviews Calendar Booksblog The Latest Dane Arts funds meditation, memory, music and more More than three dozen arts and cultural projects in Dane County will receive nearly $100,000 in public and private funds to assist them with t&hellip; Book Events Monday Recent 'Antony and Cleopatra': An affair to remember between a general and a queen What Are You Reading? UW Press fall offerings include biography, geography and more War wounds linger in APT's 'All My Sons' Authors create workshop for aspiring novelists TV & Games Topics VideoGames TVListings PrimetimeListings Travel Topics Getaways VisitMadison FlightTracker The Latest Travel digest: Cow chip throw Get chippy Travel digest: Harley weekend Happy birthday, H-D Recent La Crosse area vineyards offer chance to sample tasty, creative vintages Travel digest: Turtle Days festival Area restaurants are worth the trip Travel digest: Old World Wisconsin Travel digest: Corn Fest Events Topics SubmitanEvent Books&Readings Clubs&Nightlife Community Kids&Family Lectures&Discussions Music Upcoming Events Brian Erickson Jim Erickson Jim Erickson More Events Kegler's Karaoke Irish open jam Band in a Box Karaoke w/ Lars The Currach Open mic Get It Classifieds Coupons Deals NewspaperAds BusinessDirectory PlaceanAd CarSoup New Used Certified Sell Research TheShop Dealers Specials Videos Jobs SearchForJobs PostAResume JobVideos PlaceAnAd Homes ForSale SearchByLocation PlaceAnAd Rentals SearchByLocation PlaceAnAd In-demand Barry brings dry humor to Madison  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  2010-09-02T04:45:00Z 2010-09-02T12:17:47Z In-demand Barry brings dry humor to Madison By ROB THOMAS |The Capital Times madison.com September 02, 2010 4:45 am &bull; By ROB THOMAS |The Capital Times (0) Comments &times; Related Photos &laquo; &raquo;  Comedian Todd Barry, who has appeared on “Flight of the Conchords” and Adult Swim’s “Delocated,” will perform at the Comedy Club on State Street on Tuesday, Sept. 7.   Enlarge Photo IF YOU GO Who: Todd Barry When: Tuesday, Sept. 7, 8:30 p.m. Where: Comedy Club, 202 State St. Tickets: $15 (plus two-drink minimum) through brownpapertickets.com/event/124759 .18+ Many labels have been attached to the comedy of Todd Barry."Perky" is not among them. "Dry," "deadpan," "low-key," or, to quote the title of Barry'sown 2001 comedy album, "Medium Energy." Barry, who is playing the Comedy Club, 202 State St., onTuesday, Sept. 7, has had a long and successful career as astand-up comedian without ever straying from his "indoorvoice." "Things like the way I talk, my energy level, it's just who Iam," Barry said in a recent phone interview. "It's more of an issuewith people booking me than it has been with audiences. Some peopleare afraid to book a low-energy act. They just equate energy withpeople having a good time." There's nothing laid back about Barry's career; right now, the46-year-old comedian is one of the biggest names in alternativecomedy. In addition to being a regular guest on talk shows like"The Late Show with David Letterman" and the former "Late Nightwith Conan O'Brien," he's made appearances on television shows likeHBO's "Flight of the Conchords" and has hosted Comedy Central'sAdult Swim shows, including "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!"and most recently "Delocated." Barry said he's interested in developing his own Adult Swimshow. He's also busy as a character actor in films, having appearedin "The Wrestler" and is currently shuttling back and forth toDetroit to film "Vamps" for writer-director Amy Heckerling. "Acting, sometimes, I hate it," he said. "I kind of like it whenit's done and I kind of see what came of it. But I don'tnecessarily wake up loving acting. "It's just a lot of waking up early and doing stuff over andover again. Not knowing when the day is going to end is hard forme. I get pretty impatient. Although nobody wants to hear somebodycomplain about being in movies." Barry hasn't performed in Madison since he played in January2004 at the Annex, and he said that his material at the Comedy Clubshow won't have any overlap. The Florida-born comedian got hisfirst big break with a "Comedy Central Presents" special about adecade ago. In his stand-up act, he occasionally likes to break from hisprepared routine and start improvising and engaging with theaudience. "I don't know where it came from," he said. "I was probably halfworried that I was running out of material and half just gettingbored with myself. Sometimes I'll see somebody and just getcurious. I always like the idea of diving in and seeing if I canmake something of it." "People seem to think when I do it, it's not just ‘Hey, niceshirt,'" he said. "Not that I'm one to pass on compliments aboutmyself from other people." Barry has also developed a following among indie rock bands,playing big festivals like Bonnaroo, All Tomorrow's Parties andWilco's Sound Stage Festival last month. He's also toured with YoLa Tengo and Mates of State, and recently played sleigh bells withthe New Pornographers when they performed on "Late Night With JimmyFallon. (He was pretty good.) Barry said performing with rock bands is a hit-or-missproposition, but he's always pleasantly surprised when it seems towork out. "Sometimes it's a little rough. It's a little morenerve-wracking because I'm not always used to doing comedy at theseplaces. A rock club isn't always designed for a comedy show. You'remixing the dynamic of people watching a band, and then asking themto shut up and listen to a comedian. "It doesn't always work, but sometimes it does work, whichsurprises me." Tags Todd Barry , Comedy Club View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. Add Comment You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Arts stories Dane Arts funds meditation, memory, music and more 'Antony and Cleopatra': An affair to remember between a general and a queen What Are You Reading? War wounds linger in APT's 'All My Sons' Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 madison.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.  Latest Local Offers View More... Master Cleaners Your Clean, Green, Dry Cleaners.- call today 608-222-5355 CONGRATULATIONS TO Mr. &amp; Mrs. Derek Martine Midwest Decorative Stone &amp; Landscape Supply has a great selection of natural stone come check it out today View our Online Auction! Wise Owl Auctions of Madison! Fred Astaire Dance Studios of Madison can help you glide across the floor at your wedding reception!  Win free stuff! BILL MAHER -- &quot;unflinching honesty and big laughs&quot; THE SKLAR BROTHERS -- &quot;comedic masters&quot; BILLY CURRINGTON -- &quot;a trademark mix of country, R&amp;B and beach music&quot; THE HEAD AND THE HEART -- &quot;impeccable, sweet-voiced folk-pop songs&quot; AARON CARTER -- &quot;beyond exciting&quot; THE PSYCHEDELIC FURS -- &quot;a driving wall of sound&quot; YOUNGBLOOD BRASS BAND -- &quot;consistently progressive, groundbreaking acoustic music&quot; HATEBREED -- &quot;intensity, aggression and an unshakable dedication to hardcore power&quot; THE BLACK CROWES -- &quot;a set that reads like a hip-shaking history of music from below the Mason-Dixon line&quot; VOLCANO CHOIR (featuring Bon Iver's Justin Vernon) -- &quot;atmospheric, textural, and 'landscape-y&quot; THE WOOD BROTHERS -- &quot;a roots-inflected blend of blues, folk and rock&quot; MICHAEL FRANTI &amp; SPEARHEAD -- &quot;populist positivity&quot; LOCAL NATIVES -- &quot;a band you have to see live to appreciate&quot; IMMORTAL TECHNIQUE AND BROTHER ALI -- &quot;The War and Peace Tour!&quot; RHETT MILLER -- &quot;charismatic and lively&quot; MULLIGAN MATCH-UP -- your chance to win $250 or 1 of 9 foursomes weekly! Win free movie tickets and stay on top of Madison's movie scene! SAVAGES -- &quot;brave and bold; restlessly creative and with an enticing darkness&quot; SHOOTER JENNINGS -- &quot;the most dangerous, most deceptive artist in the overall country music world&quot; SHUGGIE OTIS -- &quot;a funk-soul guitar virtuouso&quot; What to do and see in Madison sent to your inbox Weekly Winnables giveaways email Get in on the movie buzz with 77 Square's Rob Thomas Get entertainment highlights & reviews from the 77 Square staff Get food & drink news and reviews from the 77 Square staff First name: Last name: Zip code: Email:  FEATURES News Sports Entertainment Events Weather Communities Obituaries Games,Puzzles E-mail Archives Blogs GET IT Shop Classifieds Coupons Deals NewspaperAds BusinessDirectory PlaceanAd Homes Jobs Carsoup Rentals Advertiser Services Downloadamediakit(PDF) PhotoshopColorSettings BWGuidelines ColorGuidelines Submitacelebration LegalNotices Submitdigitalfilesforads Placeaclassifiedadforprintoronline Capital Newspapers Madison.com WisconsinStateJournal CapitalTimes Sports WisconsinPrepZone 77Square DailyCardinal NursingMatters WiscNews &copy; Copyright 2013, madison.com , 1901 Fish Hatchery Rd Madison, WI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Madison Apartments Madison Attorneys Madison Auto Dealers Madison Auto Parts Madison Auto Repair Madison Beauty Salons Madison Car Rental Madison Dentists Madison Doctors Madison Flowers Madison Hotels Madison Insurance Madison Loans Madison Mortgages Madison Movers Madison Pizza Madison Realtors Madison Restaurants Madison Storage Madison Tax Preparation Madison Travel More Madison&hellip; Middleton Apartments Middleton Attorneys Middleton Auto Dealers Middleton Auto Parts Middleton Auto Repair Middleton Beauty Salons Middleton Car Rental Middleton Dentists Middleton Doctors Middleton Flowers Middleton Hotels Middleton Insurance Middleton Loans Middleton Mortgages Middleton Movers Middleton Pizza Middleton Realtors Middleton Restaurants Middleton Storage Middleton Tax Preparation Middleton Travel More Middleton&hellip; Waunakee Apartments Waunakee Attorneys Waunakee Auto Dealers Waunakee Auto Parts Waunakee Auto Repair Waunakee Beauty Salons Waunakee Car Rental Waunakee Dentists Waunakee Doctors Waunakee Flowers Waunakee Hotels Waunakee Insurance Waunakee Loans Waunakee Mortgages Waunakee Movers Waunakee Pizza Waunakee Realtors Waunakee Restaurants Waunakee Storage Waunakee Tax Preparation Waunakee Travel More Waunakee&hellip; Oregon Apartments Oregon Attorneys Oregon Auto Dealers Oregon Auto Parts Oregon Auto Repair Oregon Beauty Salons Oregon Car Rental Oregon Dentists Oregon Doctors Oregon Flowers Oregon Hotels Oregon Insurance Oregon Loans Oregon Mortgages Oregon Movers Oregon Pizza Oregon Realtors Oregon Restaurants Oregon Storage Oregon Tax Preparation Oregon Travel More Oregon&hellip; Cottage Grove Apartments Cottage Grove Attorneys Cottage Grove Auto Dealers Cottage Grove Auto Parts Cottage Grove Auto Repair Cottage Grove Beauty Salons Cottage Grove Car Rental Cottage Grove Dentists Cottage Grove Doctors Cottage Grove Flowers Cottage Grove Hotels Cottage Grove Insurance Cottage Grove Loans Cottage Grove Mortgages Cottage Grove Movers Cottage Grove Pizza Cottage Grove Realtors Cottage Grove Restaurants Cottage Grove Storage Cottage Grove Tax Preparation Cottage Grove Travel More Cottage Grove&hellip; Featured &times; Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, madison.com. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with host.madison.com account: Email &amp; Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait&hellip; Login   Domain: host.madison.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 2:54:15 pm 