  Voices Home Featured Arts & Entertainment Content &nbsp; Top Classic Video Games: 10 Best Fighting Game Franchises of All-Time by S.W. Hampson “Hollywood’s Exciting Past”- California by Sandy  Zimmerman Best Music Clubs in New York City by Susan Frances Featured Arts & Entertainment Contributors A.C. Haury View Content Nancy Tracy View Content S.W. Hampson View Content Alison Pierre View Content Sandy  Zimmerman View Content Nathaniel Wayne View Content Arts & Entertainment &nbsp; More Picks Newest  Subscribe 'The Killer Angels,' Michael Shaara's Classic Novel of Gettysburg By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;June 23, 2013 “The Killer Angels” by Michael Shaara is the great classic novel of the Battle of Gettysburg. According to the Jeff Shaara website, the book took seven years to write and was rejected by 15 publishers before being published by the David McKay Company. Eddie Redmayne's Reinvention as Stephen Hawking: The Art of Depicting Muscular Disease By&nbsp; Greg Brian &nbsp;June 20, 2013 Some might consider Eddie Redmayne playing a younger Stephen Hawking to be a real coup in casting. But how will Redmayne depict Hawking's ALS? Depicting Hawking's later life might be one of the greatest acting challenges available today. Leonardo DiCaprio as Rasputin: Should He Quit Portraying Iconic Americans? By&nbsp; Greg Brian &nbsp;June 19, 2013 It might have seemed like an article from The Onion hearing about Leonardo DiCaprio soon playing Rasputin in a movie. Then again, it might be a proper step forward for DiCaprio after his depictions of American icons have received mixed reviews. Reese Witherspoon: From Legally Blonde to Controversial Brunette By&nbsp; Rianne Hill Soriano &nbsp;May 21, 2013 A number of set photos feature Reese Witherspoon's chocolate brown locks and fashionable get-ups for the project. Top Five Saddest Moments in Disney History By&nbsp; Samantha Byrd &nbsp;June 2, 2013 Disney has always been known to have happy endings, but what about the sadder moments in Disney history. What are the top five saddest movies in Disney history? The Reinvention of 'The Wizard of Oz' into IMAX 3D: Does it Ruin the Shape of a Great Work of Art? By&nbsp; Greg Brian &nbsp;June 14, 2013 With 1939's 'The Wizard of Oz' now moving into the IMAX 3D format, will it alter exactly how several generations viewed it? The power of TV may have shaped how 'Oz' was assimilated above those who viewed it in a theater. Music Promotion: What Works and What Doesn't By&nbsp; Porsha Mack &nbsp;July 5, 2013 To be successful as a musician, promotion is a must. This is a list of what to do and what not to do. Stop making these promotion mistakes now. More Pomp and Circumstance: Five Incredible Alternatives to the Ordinary Graduation March By&nbsp; A.C. Haury &nbsp;May 29, 2013 A look at five great alternatives to the ordinary graduation march. TomKat Divorce: Was Scientology the ‘Other Woman’ in Cruise-Holmes’ Marriage? By&nbsp; Nancy Tracy &nbsp;July 3, 2012 The controversial Church of Scientology may be the cause of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' divorce. Here's why. Anthony Mackie Holds His Own in 'Pain & Gain' By&nbsp; Ben Kenber &nbsp;May 6, 2013 In "Pain & Gain," Anthony Mackie plays Adrian "Noel" Doorbal, a bodybuilder, personal trainer and steroid abuser who gets sucked into a plan to rob a rich businessman. The actor talks about his intense preparation for the role. Mark Wahlberg Bulks Up for 'Pain & Gain' By&nbsp; Ben Kenber &nbsp;May 2, 2013 In "Pain & Gain," Mark Wahlberg plays Daniel Lugo who was the mastermind behind a brutal kidnapping of a rich businessman. The actor talks about the workout schedule he endured as well as how his own criminal past informed his performance. Actor Lined Up for 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Villain By&nbsp; Nathaniel Wayne &nbsp;April 30, 2013 The only new franchise that Marvel has planned for the next few years may have found its villain. Zack Snyder 'Justice League' Rumors: Will Warner Bros. Offer Him the Job? By&nbsp; Shawn S. Lealos &nbsp;April 30, 2013 Zack Snyder is waiting for his new movie 'Man of Steel' to hit theaters. Rumors are circulating that, if the movie is a commercial success, Warner Bros. will offer him the director's chair for 'Justice League.' The Future of Iron Man Without Robert Downey Jr By&nbsp; Nathaniel Wayne &nbsp;May 1, 2013 The man who helped launch Marvel's cinematic universe may be hanging up his costume after his next two films, so what happens then? Traits of Highly Creative People By&nbsp; Travis N. Turner &nbsp;May 15, 2013 Become more creative by developing the traits common to highly creative people:  Generating many ideas, experimenting with ideas, believe in their creativity, and violating conventions To Festival or Not to Festival? By&nbsp; Alison Pierre &nbsp;May 9, 2013 The beauty of a festival is being able to choose who you want to see, what you want to do, and who you want to do it with. There are no seating arrangements, and there are no limits to what you get to experience. 'Metallica Through the Never' Set to Be Released in Fall 2013 By&nbsp; Shawn S. Lealos &nbsp;May 1, 2013 A new musical movie is about to hit with 'Metallica Through the Never,' a film that will mix a live Metallica concert with the fictional story of a crew member sent out to complete a mission.  Subscribe Interview: Josh Duhamel Talks Scenic Route By&nbsp; Karen Benardello &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Actor Josh Duhamel discusses filming the independent thriller Scenic Route, including building strong work and personal relationships with his co-star, Dan Fogler, and their co-directors, Kevin and Michael Goetz, while filming. Interview: Dan Fogler Talks Scenic Route By&nbsp; Karen Benardello &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Actor Dan Fogler discusses filming the independent thriller Scenic Route with co-star Josh Duhamel and co-directing brothers Kevin and Michael Goetz, including how he instantly formed a bond with his fellow actor and two helmers after meeting them. Review: 'Renovation Nation' By&nbsp; J S Cash &nbsp;August 26, 2013 In this busy world, it is hard to know where to look for green ideas. Who has the time to research everything? Well, this TV show walks you through the very best green ideas, in an easy and enjoyable way. 'Paranoia,' the Movie, is Dead on Arrival By&nbsp; Connie Wilson &nbsp;August 26, 2013 A young computer geek is blackmailed into spying on the competition. Liam Hemsworth stars, with Gary Oldman, Harrison Ford and Amber Heard supporting. Is Angelina Too Angelina for Disney? By&nbsp; Ken Choy &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Maleficent’s Angelina Jolie thought she was okay as a Disney character. There were some who shuddered and screamed. Michael Shannon Will Win an Oscar By&nbsp; Eric Wynn &nbsp;August 26, 2013 After seeing Man of Steel five times, I make an Oscar prediction. Exclusive! -- Michael O. Premieres Music Video for 'Breakdown' By&nbsp; Jonathan Frahm &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Exclusively on Yahoo! Voices -- ''Sing Off'' star Michael O. premieres his first official music video in "Breakdown." The Moment Boutique Hotel: Hollywood’s Newest Hotel By&nbsp; Sandy  Zimmerman &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Another striking feature is the hotel’s unique architecture. Craig Settimo, the Moment Boutique Hotel’s General Manager, explained, “The hotel was designed by Amit Apel who is known for his theories of movement in design. Award-Winning Lil Tokyo Reporter on DVD By&nbsp; Ken Choy &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Lil Tokyo Reporter, the award-winning short film on civil rights leader Sei Fujii, comes to DVD. Stitched: Limited Edition Handbag Collection By&nbsp; Whitney Riley &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Stitched Limited Edition Handbag Collection.Is offering fashion with sustainable practices. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1934697584/stitched-limited-edition-hand-bag-collection. "The Demented" Provides Minor Zombie Thrills and Chills By&nbsp; Eric  Shirey &nbsp;August 26, 2013 "The Demented" offers nothing new in a genre already overcrowded with zombie movies. "The Butler" Serves Up Some HOT Numbers By&nbsp; Tay Davenport &nbsp;August 26, 2013 This article is an overview or commentary on the movie, "The Butler", and its Box Office numbers for the first weekend of it's opening. Celebrity Net Worth “Prisoners” - Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal & Viola Davis By&nbsp; Will Stape &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis (The Help) & Hugh Jackman (The Wolverine) star in "Prisoners" directed by Denis Villeneuve. 5 Facts About Honey Boo Boo Dad Sugar Bear By&nbsp; Susan Braun &nbsp;August 26, 2013 What do we know about Mike Thompson, aka "Sugar Bear"? August Schellenberg Dead at 77 By&nbsp; Kali Mari-Bowyer &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Free Willy actor, August Schellenberg dead at 77 after bout with cancer. Black Eyed Peas Singer Fergie Changes Name By&nbsp; Kali Mari-Bowyer &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie name change approved by judge today. Can a Digital Series Make Money? By&nbsp; Ken Choy &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Can you make money from your digital series? Many successful content creators have not. Lisa Robin Kelly Dies in Rehab Center By&nbsp; Kali Mari-Bowyer &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Star of 'That 70's Show, Lisa Robin Kelly, dies in rehab center at 43. Audiobook Review:  “Ender's Game: Special 20th Anniversary Edition” by Orson Scott Card By&nbsp; Gil Wilson &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Even if you have read the book before, pick it up again, or try out the audiobook and find out what more it has to offer. Fair Attendance Down Slightly in Northern California County By&nbsp; Nathan Salant &nbsp;August 26, 2013 A small attendance decline at the 2013 Solano County Fair in Vallejo probably was due to the slow economic recovery, fair experts said. Movie Review: “Mortal Instruments: The City of Bones” By&nbsp; Zack Mandell &nbsp;August 26, 2013 A movie review for the film, The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, starring Lily Collins John Travolta: A Biography By&nbsp; Zack Mandell &nbsp;August 26, 2013 A biography for the widely-known actor, John Travolta. Movie Review: "You're Next" By&nbsp; Zack Mandell &nbsp;August 26, 2013 A movie review for the horror/thriller film, "You're Next" Songs for the Walking Dead TV Series By&nbsp; Rod Little &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Songs about the living dead and zombies, for the AMC Walking Dead TV series soundtrack. Top 20 Zombie Movies of All Time By&nbsp; Rod Little &nbsp;August 26, 2013 The best zombie movies from 70 years of film-making about the Living Dead and their kin. Rita Chiarelli Discusses Her Documentary 'Music from the Big House' By&nbsp; Ben Kenber &nbsp;August 26, 2013 Rita Chiarelli came to the Aero Theatre in Santa Monica to talk about the documentary "Music from the Big House." It was about when she visited Louisiana State Penitentiary to put on a Blues concert and performed with some of the inmates. The Science and Technology of 'The Europa Report' By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 25, 2013 “Europa Report,” the science fiction space adventure movie that is as of this writing playing at select theaters as is available in the on demand section of certain cable networks has been praised for its strict adherence to scientific accuracy. Timur Bekmambetov Mulling Remake of 'Ben Hur' By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 25, 2013 Timur Bekmambetov, a Russian born director best known for “Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter,” is mulling helming a remake of the classic film “Ben Hur” based on a novel by Civil War General Lew Wallace, according to the Wrap. 'True Blood' Ends Season 6 with a New Direction and New Undead By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 25, 2013 Fox News reports that the final episode of season six of “True Blood” has aired, winding down some story lines but also setting up a major conflict and a change in direction in the series that will be somewhat familiar to fans of TV horror. An Ever Increasing Surge of Interest in the Best Dystopian Novels By&nbsp; William Yatscoff &nbsp;August 25, 2013 While the best dystopian novels are not new to the reading world, it is possibly the very nature of the more recent ones which has seen such a dramatic increase in their popularity, whether from the library, local bookstores or off the Internet. How to Write a Novel Without Having to Read a How to Book By&nbsp; William Abernathy &nbsp;August 25, 2013 A stream-lined primer on writing your book. Creative Writing Workshops By&nbsp; William Abernathy &nbsp;August 25, 2013 Words of wisdom for those thinking of joining a writer's workshop. The Best Songs from 'Heartthrob' by Tegan and Sara By&nbsp; Wes Laurie &nbsp;August 25, 2013 My thoughts on the best five songs from the Tegan and Sara album Heartthrob. Memories of My Volunteer Experience at Creation West 2013 By&nbsp; Sandra Hohmann &nbsp;August 25, 2013 Sharing my memories of Creation West 2013... TV Version of 'How Few Remain,' Novel Set in a Confederacy Wins Universe, in Development By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 25, 2013 A production company called “Andrew Wyly Film Company” has acquired the rights to the Harry Turtledove alternate history novel “How Few Remain” set in a world in which the Confederates won the civil war. Celebrity Net Worth “The Monuments Men” - Bill Murray, George Clooney, Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett & John Goodman By&nbsp; Will Stape &nbsp;August 25, 2013 "The Monuments Men" Celebrity Net Worth - George Clooney, Matt Damon, Bill Murray, Cate Blanchett & John Goodman The World's Most Dangerous Hacker By&nbsp; Pablo Sanchez &nbsp;August 25, 2013 In the interview can be seen as a little dangerous life as hackers today are adquieriendo more prominence by the media due to the facts protagonisados ​​in cyberspace 15 "Return" Songs for Those Going Back to School By&nbsp; Doug Poe &nbsp;August 25, 2013 September is the month of returning, whether it be from vacation, summer lifestyle, or mere idleness. These songs should accompany you to wherever you are going back. Celebrity Net Worth “Wolf of Wall Street” - Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Matthew McConaughey & Jean Dujardin By&nbsp; Will Stape &nbsp;August 25, 2013 Celebrity Net Worth "Wolf Of Wall Street" - Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Matthew McConaughey & Jean Dujardin Best Snake Movies of All Time By&nbsp; Rod Little &nbsp;August 25, 2013 The top 25 snake films in creature movie history. From Anacondas to Ssssss, the best and worst in serpents on the big screen. Book: "Dangerous Last Name Games" By&nbsp; Shirley A. Hammond &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Oh those captivating titles! Myra Towner-Rankin seems to know how to hook readers with compelling titles, and then draw them into her stories. She was a popular feature author during Austin's 2nd annual Meet The Author Extravaganza. Book: "The Unheralded King of Preston Plains Middle" By&nbsp; Shirley A. Hammond &nbsp;August 24, 2013 I wondered why someone in middle school would be dubbed a king. That word in the title was a hook for me. When I stopped at Jedah Mayberry's table during an author event, I found out about this creative and compelling book. Kelly Sullivan Who Plays Connie Falconeri is Leaving General Hospital - GH Spoilers 2013 By&nbsp; Angelie MacKenzie &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Kelly Sullivan is leaving General Hospital.  But when and how will this take place? Was Sherlock Holmes Bipolar? By&nbsp; Rena Sherwood &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Readers in modern times can’t help but wonder, when reading the Doyle stories, if Sherlock Holmes suffered from bipolar disorder. Was Sherlock Holmes Gay? By&nbsp; Rena Sherwood &nbsp;August 24, 2013 According to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes was not gay. Men had different relationships to each other in Doyle’s times than they do today. 10 Reasons Why Jeremy Brett was the Best Sherlock Holmes Ever By&nbsp; Rena Sherwood &nbsp;August 24, 2013 After the first episode aired, critics and Sherlockians began crowning Brett as the best Holmes ever.  All the other actors can just take their magnifying lenses and go home.  Why was Brett the best? Glad you asked.  Here are ten reasons why. The Boy of Steel Flies Home in “The Adventures of Superboy: The Complete Third Season” By&nbsp; Eric  Shirey &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Hard to find “The Adventures of Superboy: The Complete Third Season” comes to DVD thanks to Warner Archive. The Husband's Secret by Liane Moriarty By&nbsp; Joanna Ammons &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Liane Moriarty creates very believable characters wrestling with real emotional issues that arise from the contents of a letter. Director DJ Caruso Talks Standing Up By&nbsp; Janet Walker &nbsp;August 24, 2013 DJ Caruso, director of such films as "Disturbia,” “Two for the Money,” “Taking Lives,” “The Salton Sea,” “Eagle Eye” and “I Am Number Four recently sat down for an interview to talk about his current film, 'Standing Up" Standing Up Review – Family Fun with Big Heart By&nbsp; Janet Walker &nbsp;August 24, 2013 For anyone who has ever felt awkward, unusual, bullied or just experienced the pains of growing up, “Standing Up,” a great summer film for kids of all ages. Celebrity Net Worth “Gravity” - George Clooney & Sandra Bullock By&nbsp; Will Stape &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Sandra Bullock and George Clooney star in "Gravity" - a film from director Alfonso Cuaraon (Children of Men) - Celebrity Net Worth "Do It" Songs in Honor of Nike Slogan's 25th Birthday By&nbsp; Doug Poe &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Back in 1988, the famous shoe company decided to go with the catchphrase, "Just Do It." True Blood Season 6 in Review By&nbsp; Jessica Oglesby &nbsp;August 24, 2013 Were all excited for the last episode of the season. What have been the highlights? And, what has been the let down's? What do I expect to happen! Spoiler's inside. Ben Affleck is Playing Batman: The Greatest Crisis the Republic Has Ever Faced By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 24, 2013 President Obama likely could not be more pleased with the Ben Affleck as Batman kerfuffle than if he engineered it himself. It seems to have crowded out Benghazi, the IRS, NSA snooping, and all the rest as the outrageous outrage de jour. Best Spider Movies of All Time: Killer Tarantulas on Film By&nbsp; Rod Little &nbsp;August 23, 2013 The top 20 killer spider movies, an Arac-nado of spider films, from swarms of spiderlings to giant tarantulas. These are the creepiest spiders in the movies. 'Europa Report' Puts the Science Back into Science Fiction By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 23, 2013 “Europa Report” is one of the most intelligent science fiction space adventures made in a long time, possibly since “2001: A Space Odyssey.” It is a movi4e about an epic space voyage that doesn’t depend a lot on special effects. Songs for the Revolution TV Series Soundtrack By&nbsp; Rod Little &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Songs about blackouts, power outage and revolution, for Charlie and Miles Matheson, and the rest of the rebels. Rock songs for the Revolution TV series soundtrack. Could the Emperor and Obi-Wan Be Returning in 'Star Wars: Episode VII?' By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 23, 2013 “Star Wars Episode VII” is still in the development phase, with casting and script writing now where near underway, and rumors are already flying fast and furious about who will be in it. The most intriguing are characters which were thought to be dead. Comic Book Review: Savage Wolverine: Kill Island (2013) By&nbsp; Rex Vander &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Rooted in pulp adventure novels, Savage Wolverine: Kill Island, by Frank Cho, is a campy romp through through the jungle. Top 4 Tearjerking Movie Moments By&nbsp; Angela Mary &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Having a good cry from a movie is something that we just can’t help. We watch these movies with a diet coke in one hand and a box of Kleenex in the other. TV Directs Life Series: Get a Job By&nbsp; Merideth Green &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Television has influenced us since its beginning. In this series, no trend is innocent. Here we uncover motive to drive the country to work. Will Dexter's Absence Leave a Killer Void - for a Movie? By&nbsp; Merideth Green &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Showtime Dexter's Dana Wilson discusses Hanna McKay's return and responds to possibility of a Dexter movie in an AfterBuzz TV interview. Interview: Josh Gad Talks Jobs By&nbsp; Karen Benardello &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Actor Josh Gad discusses playing Steve Wozniak in director Joshua Michael Stern's Steve Jobs biopic, Jobs, including how the chance to play a real person in a film convinced him to take on the role of the Apple co-founder. George Orwell Explains Why He Wrote '1984' By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 23, 2013 George Orwell’s “1984” is the iconic novel warning of the ultimate end of the totalitarian state, depicting a world divided into three fascist superpowers, Oceana, East Asia, and Euroasia, permanently locked in a “wag the dog” style war. A Poem: In the Soul of Whitewolf's Warrior Clan By&nbsp; Wanda L Sanders &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Prose of one of my creative writing characters named Whitewolf. Five Reasons to Walk Out on a Movie By&nbsp; Edenjaid &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Here is my short-and-sweet list of reasons why I walk out on a movie, as well as some suggestions on how to make a movie great. Duck Dynasty Breaking Records and Renewing Vows By&nbsp; Donna Nolan-Wilson &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Have you caught the Duck Fever?  it is spreading across the country at an unstoppable rate.  Read about how and why the American TV viewers have fallen in love. Louisville Artisans Guild Holiday Showcase Show By&nbsp; Phillip Green &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Louisville Artisans Guild Holiday Showcase Gareth - the Journey By&nbsp; Rick Moore &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A review of The Journey, the new CD by flutist/vocalist Gareth. The Ephemeral Digital World By&nbsp; Crutnacker &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Reflections on what we've lost in our digital world. The World of Warcraft Movie Could Be Epic! By&nbsp; Edenjaid &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A series of pitfalls have plagued the proposed World of Warcraft movie from its very conception. I offer some suggestions that could speed things along and make for an epic Warcraft movie! Yoko Kanno Performs Beautiful Concert at Otakon 2013 By&nbsp; Ryan Kopf &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Yoko Kanno performs a memorable anime-themed piano concert at the second-largest anime convention in the country. Superman/Batman Film Should Be an Event, Not a Sequel! By&nbsp; Tim&quot;Timdiana&quot;Dunn &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A look into why the Superman/Batman needs to be more then just a sequel. LA Food and Wine Tops Tastes By&nbsp; Ken Choy &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Los Angeles Food & Wine Festival returns for the third year, bringing celebrity chefs and innovative tastes to downtown. Bourbon and bacon anyone? Husbands Season 3 Rings Funny By&nbsp; Ken Choy &nbsp;August 23, 2013 The third season of Husbands starts off with a bang. But is it the marriage that takes a bullet? Movie Review of Paranoia By&nbsp; Carole Mallory &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A techno thriller where two giant corporations will murder to steal the latest invention, Starring Harrison Ford, Liam Hemsworth, Amber Heard, Gary Oldman and Richard Dreyfuss who all perform with aplomb leaving the chills in Paranoia unexpected. Movie Review: "Lovelace" By&nbsp; Zack Mandell &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A movie review for the film, Lovelace, starring Amanda Seyfried The Five Most Memorable Lines from "Pulp Fiction" By&nbsp; Zack Mandell &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Five famous quotes from Quentin Tarantino's film, "Pulp Fiction" Top 10 Games to Buy a College Student - 2013 Holiday Season By&nbsp; Paul Brockmann &nbsp;August 23, 2013 As the holidays come this year, check out these ten games to buy for a college student.  Most of these are available to be pre-ordered online through retailers like Amazon and Best Buy. Top 10 Jackie Wilson Hits By&nbsp; Carl Megill &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Nicknamed "Mr. Excitement" for his exhausting stage shows, Jackie Wilson was a versatile singer ranging from opera to R&B.; But, he was not without controversy. Read his heartbreaking life story and enjoy his ten biggest hits in this R&R; bio. Movie Review: "The Parent Trap" By&nbsp; Zack Mandell &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A movie review for the film, "The Parent Trap" Miss Peregrine's Peculiar Children By&nbsp; Chelsey Cook &nbsp;August 23, 2013 A review of Ransom Riggs' first novel, "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children." The book was won through a Goodreads.com free giveaway. “The Twilight Zone: The Complete Fourth Season” Gives Fans the Only Hour Long Episodes By&nbsp; Eric  Shirey &nbsp;August 23, 2013 “The Twilight Zone: The Complete Fourth Season” feels a bit stretched at times, but delivers in the end. What Does the Future Have in Store for Teresa Giudice By&nbsp; Tammy Darnell &nbsp;August 23, 2013 This article discusses the reality television journey of Teresa Giudice. Movie Review - "Elysium" By&nbsp; Gloria Oliver &nbsp;August 23, 2013 "Elysium" has great effects, outstanding acting, and some super cool gadgets. But bad science and the use of shaky cam really reduced the enjoyment potential. MTV’s Brooke Van Poppelen to Appear on John Oliver's ‘New York Stand-Up Show.’ By&nbsp; Jason Tanamor &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Writer and comedian talks about stand-up comedy, MTV and John Oliver. The 20 Best Science Fiction Films of the Last 50 Years By&nbsp; Ryan D. Harris &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Science fiction today involves a great deal of special effects and action. While those aspects are integrated in the movies of this list, my top 20 science fiction film selections also offer cultural influence, zeitgeist, and groundbreaking qualities. 'Vampire Academy' Latest Blood Sucker Story to Head for the Big Screen By&nbsp; Mark Whittington &nbsp;August 23, 2013 Riding on the popularity of vampires stoked by the “Twilight” movie franchise and the HBO series “True Blood,” comes “Vampire Academy,” a movie directed by Mark Waters based on the young adult novels by Richelle Meade. Rolfe Kanefsky on His Debut Feature 'There's Nothing Out There' By&nbsp; Ben Kenber &nbsp;August 23, 2013 The website Horror Movie a Day hosted a screening of the horror comedy "There's Nothing Out There" at New Beverly Cinema, and their special guest for the evening was the movie's writer and director Rolfe Kanefsky. Top 20 Songs for Autumn and the Fall Season By&nbsp; Rod Little &nbsp;August 22, 2013 Best songs about the Fall season, autumn leaves changing color, and the chilly weather change, from the Doors to U2, REM, more. How to Cut Entertainment Costs By&nbsp; Todd Pheifer &nbsp;August 22, 2013 Entertainment costs can be cut if you are motivated. Movie Review: 'The World's End' (2013) Starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost By&nbsp; GoneWithTheTwins.com &nbsp;August 22, 2013 An in-depth Movie Review of the new release film 'The World's End' (2013) Starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost Movie Review: 'You're Next' (2013) Starring Sharni Vinson By&nbsp; GoneWithTheTwins.com &nbsp;August 22, 2013 An in-depth Movie Review of the new release film 'You're Next' (2013) Starring Sharni Vinson 'The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec' Blu-ray Review and Fashion Report By&nbsp; Staci Layne Wilson &nbsp;August 22, 2013 An adventure set in the early part of the 20th century and focused on a popular novelist and her dealings with would-be suitors, the cops, monsters, and other distractions. Emmy Watch 2013: Choreographer Sonya Tayeh Nominated for 'So You Think You Can Dance' By&nbsp; Steven Bryan &nbsp;August 22, 2013 When reached by phone, choreographer Sonya Tayeh talked about her Emmy nomination and the power of "SYTYCD." Leaked: Lady Gaga’s “Applause” Single By&nbsp; Tiffany Renee Harmon &nbsp;August 22, 2013 Lady Gaga decided to leak her own single to the internet and radio a week early. Sara Shepard's New Book: 'Heiresses' By&nbsp; Amanda Austin &nbsp;August 22, 2013 The author of ''Pretty Little Liars'' and ''The Lying Game'' has a new book series in the works titled Heiresses. A major TV network has already picked up the rights to ''Heiresses'' and plans to turn it into a TV show. 'Lovelace' (2013) Is a Tragic but Predictable Story By&nbsp; Ruben A. Vasquez &nbsp;August 22, 2013 Amanda Seyfried really did invest herself in this film, everyone did but the truth is that the film was very predictable. I was interested in the story but was it worth the price of admission? I struggled with that for a moment and this was my conclusion. 10 Underrated Songs by David Bowie By&nbsp; Wayne Pitches &nbsp;August 22, 2013 David Bowie has many famous songs, but unfortunately these little-known masterpieces didn't catch on. Lady Gaga’s Nude Comeback By&nbsp; Tiffany Renee Harmon &nbsp;August 22, 2013 This article discusses Lady Gaga’s latest viral video which shows her meditating while naked. Arts & Entertainment Archive 2013: Jan &nbsp; Feb &nbsp; Mar &nbsp; Apr &nbsp; May &nbsp; Jun &nbsp; Jul &nbsp; Aug &nbsp; 2012  | 2011  | 2010  | 2009  | 2008  | 2007  | 2006  | 2005 Yahoo! Voices Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel Slideshow Library Video Library Also on Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Mail Maps Movies Music My Yahoo! News Shine Shopping Sports omg! Travel TV Contributor Network All Yahoo! Services &raquo; Yahoo! Contributor Network Join / Sign in Help Community Resources Blog Forum Promotional Tools Contests User Search Copyright &copy; 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. | omg! and Yahoo! News Network. Questions or Comments Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Disclaimer Careers Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel All Categories Books Movies Music People Television Sign in Sign up Mail Voices Web Images Video News Local Voices Web Images Video News