  Magazine, website &amp; books written by teens since 1989 Poetry Fiction Nonfiction Reviews Forums Art / Photo Video Summer Guide College Guide All Poetry Free Verse Song Lyrics Sonnet Haiku Limerick Ballad All Fiction Author Interviews Action-Adventure Fan Fiction Historical Fiction Realistic Fiction Romance Sci-fi/Fantasy Scripts &amp; Plays Thriller/Mystery All Novels Author Interviews Action-Adventure Fan Fiction Historical Fiction Realistic Fiction Romance Sci-fi/Fantasy Thriller/Mystery Other All Nonfiction Books Academic Author Interviews Celebrity interviews College Articles College Essays Educator of the Year Heroes Interviews Memoir Personal Experience Sports Travel & Culture All Opinions Current Events / Politics Discrimination Drugs / Alcohol / Smoking Entertainment / Celebrities Environment Love / Relationships Movies / Music / TV Pop Culture / Trends School / College Social Issues / Civics Spirituality / Religion Sports / Hobbies All Hot Topics Bullying Community Service Environment Health Letters to the Editor Pride & Prejudice What Matters All Reviews Hot New Books Book Reviews Music Reviews Movie Reviews TV show reviews Video game reviews Summer Program Reviews College Reviews Teen Ink has 2 forums for you to choose from: All Art/Photos Charcoals Computer Graphics Oil Paintings Pastels Pen & Ink Photographs Photo Illustrations Sculptures Watercolors Woodcuts All Videos Celebrity Interviews Poetry Readings Short Story / Chapter Readings Singing / Music Videos Bands and Instrumentals Dramatic Performances Dance Performances Speeches & Activism Comedy Filmmaking Animation Interviews Other Program links Program Reviews College links College Reviews College Essays College Articles  Report Abuse Home &gt; Opinion &gt; Entertainment / Celebrities &gt; Celebrities and Their Influence Celebrities and Their Influence By Anonymous , Radnor , PA Living in a technological era, we have access to the tabloids more than ever before. There are television sets, magazine covers, Internet blogs, and movies screaming to be read and watched, and they are plastered with images of these tacky celebrities. When a life of parties, short-term relationships, drugs, and alcohol are leading celebrities like Britney, Paris, and Lindsay to spiral out of control, you would think that their lifestyle is not ideal. But, fans of these stars disagree. Now, in an age where we have more contact with celebrity gossip than we have ever had, we are faced with a question: what are the effects that superstars have on our youth? Celebrities influence fans to be destructively thin, put harmful substances in their bodies, and many parents are concerned with the overall content these celebrities are putting on television, in movies, and over the Internet. Pop culture idols need to think twice before making a poor decision or practicing awful morals because of their influence on their young fans and other people who may look up to them. Based on a recent Newsweek poll, 77% of Americans believe that celebrities have too much of an influence on young girls. This effect is especially evident in their appearance and attitudes. One poll participant, a first grade teacher, even noticed her students using derogatory language, singing suggestive song lyrics, and even flirting with each other. With celebrities creating impossible standards of beauty, more and more young adults are feeling 'less confident, more angry, and more dissatisfied' with their looks (National Institute on Media and the Family). Based on a poll, 40% of nine and ten year-olds had tried losing weight and at age thirteen (Body Image and Gender Identity, 2002), 53% of girls were unhappy with their image (National Institute on Media and the Family). Now, this cannot all be blamed on the media, but with celebrities becoming thinner and thinner, much self-confidence is lost and images of television stars or models have been connected to body displeasure (National Institute on Media and the Family). Stars need to be concerned about their image because of the unpleasant fact that it causes young fans to strive to be unhealthily thin. The National Institute of Mental Health estimates that eating disorders affect more than five million Americans a year, with disorders usually beginning in the teens or as early as eight. Celebrities should stay at a safe weight to insure their health and the effects their weight has in influencing their younger viewers. Based on the latest Kaiser Family Foundation survey, two in every three parents feel that their children are being exposed to too much inappropriate content in the media. Where does this concern come from? 34% of parents stated that they believe that television contain the most inappropriate content. With television shows today including sexual content, violence, and adult language, children are exposed to unsuitable matter for their ages. Since many parents work and are not always at home, kids have access to shows, movies, and the internet blogs that can tell them things that should be left for parents to explain. There is no possible way to end this media frenzy, but experts say that 'attentive parents, strong teachers and nice friends are an excellent counterbalance,' (Newsweek, 2007) to pop culture garbage. Stars need to be more aware of their images because some are allowing younger fans content that many parents do not want their child seeing. Celebrities do not only have a negative impact on the looks and personalities of fans, but also in their health. With superstars like Kate Moss taking insane amounts of drugs, Amy Winehouse checking into rehab again, and movie stars lighting up their cigarettes on screen, there has to be some effect on their admirers. 88% to 92% of the top twenty-five box office hits since 1995 have contained tobacco use. Celebrities have glamorized smoking in the media and are setting an example for supporters everywhere that it is acceptable to smoke. Pop culture icons need to support a drug free program instead of using harmful substances. Programs like Above the Influence, run by the Office of National Drug Protection, use the media for good instead of making drugs and alcohol seems acceptable to use. Stars should make it a goal to refrain from using drugs and drinking excessive amounts of booze because it sends a message to fans that a life of drugs and alcohol is a satisfactory way to live. Celebrities need to change the way they act and how they are viewed. Their actions have more of an effect on us then many people believe they have. Thin, addicted celebrities are changing the way many young fans think and act. Celebrities need to change these horrible habits now and realize that they need to be more concerned with themselves and with their portrayal in the media. Works Cited Bergsma, PhD., Linda. "Can Media Literacy Impact Youth Smoking?." Blowing Smoke. Summer 2001. Center for Media Literacy. 25 Jan. 2009 . 'Body Image and Gender Identity.' "Media Effect on Girls." 6 Sep. 2002. National Institute on Media and the Family. 22 Jan. 2009 . Deveny K, Kelley R, Reno J, et al. Girls Gone Bad? (cover story). Newsweek [serial online]. February 12, 2007;149(7):40-47. Available from: MasterFILE Premier, Ipswich, MA. Accessed January 23, 2009. "Facts About Eating Disorders." Eating Disorder Info. National Association of Anorexia Nervosa and Associated Eating Disorders. 22 Jan. 2009 . "Fast Facts." Teen Health and the Media. Washington State Department of Health. 22 Jan. 2009 . Rideout, Victoria. "A Kaiser Foundation Survey." Parents, Media, and Public Policy. Fall 2004. The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. 23 Jan. 2009 . Witty, Karl. "The Effects of Drug use by Celebrities upon Young People's Drug Use and Perceptions of Use." Celebrities. National Collaborating Center: Drug Prevention. 25 Jan. 2009 . Young H. When celebrities go wild, parents cringe. Wisconsin State Journal, The (Madison, WI) [serial online]. August 06, 2007. Available from: Newspaper Source, Ipswich, MA. Accessed January 23, 2009. Subscribe Get Teen Ink’s 48-page monthly print edition. Written by teens since 1989. Current issue • Past issue Free sample issue Rate & Share Rate this article: 1 2 3 4 5 (Top work displays more prominently on this site.) Share Tweet Google+ Add to my favorites Share/bookmark Post a comment Report Abuse Submit my own work Print  &laquo; Previous article Next article &raquo;  Join the Discussion This article has 38 comments . Post your own! Report abuse Niall Horan said... May 10 at 8:42 am: i&#39;m a celebrity and i love children x love niall and his nandos Yolo Swag replied... Jun. 11 at 6:00 pm : right on, 1D! loving children and spreading this perfect example around the world ;) xoxo Report abuse Samantha2 said... Dec. 6, 2012 at 1:23 pm: This article is very thought out with great reasearch. I really enjoyed reading it because I feel this is a major issue for our youth today. I am always looking for ways to stop this phenominon now that I have children of my own. Report abuse aorocks10 said... Jul. 16, 2012 at 8:05 pm: Now she is Dead :(  Report abuse saranova_92 said... Jun. 16, 2012 at 7:26 pm: great essay &amp; so well researched. .i completely agree we need to stop setting up celebrities on pedestals like they're our idols and guides. instead we should be looking up to men and women of true character, who often don't get any fame or recognition. they're often found among family and friends =)  Report abuse swaggalichous_14 said... Mar. 29, 2012 at 2:32 pm: whats up with these parents these days i am glad i have good parents  Report abuse MaxRide said... Feb. 23, 2012 at 8:17 am: wow, i really like how much research you put into this! I loved how you worded it all, and I liked learning, but believe me, i did not know much about it until I read your article! Nice job!  Report abuse OwlGravy said... Jan. 12, 2012 at 4:22 pm: I totally agree me and my friend had a debate on this in school i wish i had read this article before hand because this brings up many good point i could of included.  Report abuse nazze g said... Oct. 5, 2011 at 3:53 am: ya dats kinda true  Report abuse Linta said... Jul. 21, 2011 at 10:22 am: I Truly agree to the solution of this article that the superstars should think about their image themselves before exposing inappropriate content. Mikey123 replied... Aug. 23, 2011 at 5:56 pm : you think your all that well you are. hahha dude thinks she is not all that and + i do make sense Report abuse rationalthinker said... Jun. 30, 2011 at 6:48 pm: Anyone who thinks Amy Winehouse is a positive role model is a moron. More than anything I'd say she's deglamorizing drugs, as they're definitely hurting her success as an artist.  Report abuse HorseLover said... Jun. 9, 2011 at 6:48 am: I totally agree with this article. I like how you put a works cited at the bottom, too. It really added some credientials to your essay. Talking about all the polls also made you sound you really knew what you were talking about.  Report abuse K.M.S.Shear said... Jun. 8, 2011 at 6:54 am: i kind of agree nazze g replied... Oct. 5, 2011 at 3:52 am : ya dats true you know Report abuse Uni_que said... Apr. 7, 2011 at 6:47 pm: I like your article. You had great examples on how celebrities have a great impact on society these days. Celebrities always have had a huge impact, with their fashion, careers, and even their personal, or "very" personal lives. And it is affecting not only teens, but older people as well. I always agree with the fact that people crave for media, people follow their influence. Negativly or positivly. But because people feen*** for the news, there is no way of stopping the media ... ( more &raquo; )  Report abuse Raniia said... Jan. 20, 2011 at 6:28 am: i hate cheryl cole she cant even singg Bee92 replied... Apr. 28, 2011 at 8:28 am : And you can't spell :| Report abuse coolkid said... Jan. 17, 2011 at 6:19 pm: hey i love this it rocks it helps with this project im doing lol thx  Report abuse nikki said... Jan. 15, 2011 at 1:59 pm: yeah i agree. i also think that teens need to stop looking up to celebrities. it's not like they are their friends. we should be looking up to the people in our own lives who make good choices and encourage us to do good also. we shouldn't pay attention to what celebrities do. that's their life. Back to top &laquo; Previous 1 2 Next &raquo; Advanced Search  August & September  Facebook Activity Teen Ink on Twitter Teen Ink teenink Follow Teen Ink on Twitter &raquo; About us Contact Us Site Map News & Media Link to Us Our Partners Our Programs Our Books Support/Donate Celebrity Support Celebrity Interviews Subscribing Schools Teen Ink FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Attributions Advertise Advertise in our Monthly Print magazine Advertise in our College Directory Advertise Online Sponsor a Page Become a School Sponsor Foundation Information Advertising Information Submit Work / Get Involved Register &amp; Submit Your Work Submit Your Novel Submission Guidelines Video Submission Rules Forum Guidelines Writing Tips Get Involved Student Advisory Board Subscribe to our Print Magazine Win a Free Subscription Contests Cover Art Contest Interview Contest Nonfiction Contest Poetry Contest Educator of the Year Contest Fiction Contest Travel & Culture Contest Environment Contest Community Service Award Contest Winners Get Money for Colleges Other Teen Ink Goodies Summer Program Links College Links NYC Summer Writing Program Teen Ink Online Writing Classes Teen Ink Book Previews Teen Ink Weekly Newsletter Get a Free Sample Issue Teen Ink Store Celebrity Interviews Teen Ink Forums Teen Ink Podcast Video Series Badge Legend Resources for Teens Teacher Information Library Advisory Board Tell a Friend Website by Emerson Media Chat with other Teen Ink members Teen Ink's chat is available to Teen Ink members only. If you're aged 13-19, please sign up or log in. Launch Teen Ink Chat close  Site Feedback 