   My Online Account Buy Tickets Join Our Mailing List Performances Season Guide Patron Services Box Office Ticket Discounts Catwalk Lounge Before the Show Accessibility Terms & Conditions Scottsdale Arts Festival General Information Artist Information Online Art Auction Sponsorship Entertainment Interactive Art Projects Gourmet Food Trucks Imagine Nation Interactive Kids Area Become a Volunteer Special Events ARTrageous Brazilian Day Discovery Series La Gran Fiesta Native Trails OrigiNation Sunday A'Fair Education &amp; Outreach Education Programs Arts-Connect Events Community Outreach Events for Children & Families How You Can Help Membership &amp; Giving Become a Member Now Circles of Giving Honoring Our Donors Reciprocal Museum Partners Contact Membership Department About Us Contact Us Connect With Your Center Theater Locations The Store News Staff List Seating Chart Board of Directors Technical Specifications Opportunities Employment Volunteer Internships SMoCA Events Rental Events Community Events Rent the Center Weddings and Receptions Corporate Partners Become a Corporate Partner Current Corporate Partners Employee Discounts Testimonials Patron Services Box Office 480-499-TKTS (8587) Monday - Saturday, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sunday, noon - 5 p.m. WELCOME Artists Wanted The Scottsdale Arts Festival is now accepting applications from artists in all media interested in showing their work at this award-winning event. Applications must be submitted online before Monday, Oct. 14. Click here to apply. About 200 awe-inspiring artists from coast to coast 20 toe-tapping Arizona bands and entertainers 12 mouth-watering gourmet food trucks 3 smile-inducing days of family-friendly fun and you ! Named one of the top arts festivals in the nation by the readers of AmericanStyle Magazine and Â&ldquo;Best Arts FestivalÂ&rdquo; by Phoenix New Times , the Scottsdale Arts Festival has been recognized for its high-quality fine arts since 1971. The Festival showcases nearly 200 jury-selected artists from throughout the United States and Canada who work in painting, sculpture, glass and ceramics, jewelry, photography and more. Works of art are available for purchase directly from the artists and through the FestivalÂ&rsquo;s online art auction. Be sure to 'Like' us on Facebook for all the latest news! Admission Tickets may be purchased in advance or at the entrance on the day of the Festival. Single-Day Pass: $8 (valid for any single-day) Two-Day Pass: $12 (valid for any two days) Special Pricing:  $5 for students (student pricing not available online) FREE for children 12 and under FREE for members of Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts and SMoCA Become a member and claim your free Festival tickets! Rain or shine. Pets are not allowed with the exception of trained service animals. No food/beverages or coolers (except for water and childrenÂ&rsquo;s snacks). Location Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts 7380 E. Second St. &ndash; Scottsdale (Four blocks south of Indian School Road and three blocks east of Scottsdale Road) Free Parking/Trolley Free parking is available in the following locations: Wells Fargo Avenue and Second Street Second Street and Brown Avenue Drinkwater Boulevard and Second Street Print This Page Email This Page  View Mobile Site Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art and Scottsdale Public Art are divisions of the Scottsdale Cultural Council. Copyright &copy;2013 Scottsdale Cultural Council - All rightsreserved. Scottsdale Cultural Council | Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art | Scottsdale Public Art <a href="http://www.sccarts.org/user_agreement.php">User Agreement</a> | <a href="http://www.sccarts.org/privacy_policy.php">PrivacyPolicy</a> 