  Home About Us Resources Case Studies Ohio Acura Dealership What is Digital Advertising? Paid Search vs. SEO Benefits of Digital Advertising Services Digital Marketing (SEO + Video + Social) Digital Advertising (SEM + PPC) Display Advertising Pay Per Click Management Remarketing Sample Display Advertisements Website Design Interactive Chat Video Marketing News Archives Links Contact 888-798-1195 446 Rt 35 SouthBuilding C Eatontown NJ 07724  A Full Service Internet Marketing Agency in New Jersey About Services Email Us Directions Digital Advertising &#038; SEM Solutions For Car Dealers Pay Per Click Management Display Advertising Retargeting Video Pre-Roll If you are looking for a company to lead your automotive advertising strategies and amplify your brand online, PCG Digital Marketing is here to help you reach your goals with display advertising. Did you know that 9 out of 10 auto shoppers start their buying process by doing online research? Car shoppers and owners use the Internet to look for cars, apply for financing, search for specials, print out coupons and schedule services. This is why your dealership needs to be visible online with the help of our automotive internt marketing strategies. PCG Digital Marketing is a top leader in automotive marketing strategies for car dealers. PCG uses digital automotive advertising strategies to help car dealers get found online. We&#8217;ve helped hundreds of dealers improve their digital marketing strategies &#8211; what&#8217;s stopping you from becoming our next success story? What is Digital Advertising? Digital Advertising is the use of paid Internet advertisements to deliver marketing messages to potential customers. There are multiple channels that are used in digital advertising. Click here to read more about these channels. Is Paid Search different from Search Engine Optimization? Paid Search, the largest Digital Advertising channel, is different from Search Engine Optimization in that users directly pay on a per-click basis for traffic. There are two main reasons as to why this strategy is different from Search Engine Optimization (SEO). Click here to see how Paid Search is different from SEO. How will Digital Advertising help my dealership succeed online? Digital Advertising will greatly help an overall digital strategy by spreading brand or product awareness  to in-market consumers that are researching for their next purchase. Digital advertising provides a platform of unparalleled targeting methods so that there is no money wasted on views or clicks that are not valuable to the business. Click here to read more about how our digital automotive advertising will affect a business. In today’s market, it is essential for dealerships to take advantage of and utilize available Internet marketing opportunities. Consumers are online, and it’s important for dealerships to be there as well. Let us help you create a personalize automotive internet marketing strategy to take your online presence to the next level. NEWS Glenn Pasch Of PCG Digital Marketing To Present At GNYADA 2012-10-05 Read more Get Visual With Google Display Ads 2012-09-18 Read more Increase the Relevance of your Google Ads by Using Keyword Matching 2012-09-10 Read more Google AdWords Tools Everyone Should Know and Use 2012-09-05 Read more Internet Is the New Television 2012-08-28 Read more  Important Automotive Industry Links Automotive News Automotive SEO Automotive Advertising Car Dealer Advertising Automotive Microsites Car Dealer News Copyright &copy; 2009 - 2013 Pasch Consulting Group, LLC dba PCG Digital Marketing. All rights reserved.| www.pcgdigitalmarketing.com | Sitemap | Entries (RSS)| Blog Terms of Use  