 Home Schedule 8 Learning Tracks Workshop Grid Hotel Register Bootcamp Invite Sponsors Speakers Automotive Boot Camp 2013 Attendance for the 2013 Automotive Boot Camp in Philadelphia will be limited. If you want the competitive edge in your marketplace, then lock in your spot now by contacting Carrie Hemphill at 908-601-6475. Register Now! What People Are Saying Car dealers seeking hands-on training, mentoring, coaching, and assistance with creating the structure, process, and innovative marketing plans should invest in sending key staff to the Automotive Boot Camp. Register Now! Schedule Hotel Register Sponsors Speakers 2013 Automotive Boot Camp The 4th Annual Automotive Boot Camp will be held on May 14th, 15th and 16th at the  Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown Hotel. More information will be provided shortly. If you have any questions about the 2013 event, contact Carrie Hemphill at 908-601-6475. Why A Boot Camp? Car dealers seeking hands-on training, mentoring, coaching, and assistance with creating the structure, process, and innovative marketing plans should invest in sending key staff to the Automotive Boot Camp. The Boot Camp experience includes keynote speakers, roundtable discussions, "track learning system," and technology showcases. The programs will be lead by industry leaders, subject matter experts, and leading dealership employees. Who should attend? Anyone in a dealership that is making marketing decisions.  Anyone who is responsible for customer interaction and retention.  Executives and management professionals. The key point is that dealers should be sending both executives and front-line employees to learn together. The  Automotive Boot Camp has attracted industry leaders than will help dealers at all levels implement the next steps in their growth strategy. Changes In Automotive Advertising Strategies The Boot Camp will have classes for dealers just embarking on their digital journey and enough meat for seasoned professionals who want to increase their market share with new ideas. Best of all the program registration fee includes all classes, meals and materials. The networking and relationships that are formed over these three days will last a lifetime. The real challenge for the automotive industry is this:  Will dealers invest in educating their employees? We surveyed hundreds of dealers and found that over 40% of respondents said that they did not have a line item for education in their budgets.  This is disheartening when you consider how much change the automotive industry has undergone in the last 10 years. Recent News: Posted on: 05-13-2013 Posted by: admin Automotive Boot Camp Provides Incredible Networking Opportunities The 2013 Automotive Boot Camp has arrived and the team here at First Class Educators wants attendees to get the most out of their time at this world-class automotive conference. We’ve already highlighted the technology showcase and early morning workouts, showed you how to convince &#8230; Posted on: 05-11-2013 Posted by: admin An Easy Way To Know Where Your Cars Are Being Advertised Online By Brian Pasch There has been a renewed interest in inventory syndication as industry bloggers have been discussing inventory sharing that has been going on without the dealer&#8217;s direct knowledge.  The fine lines of contracts do not always list syndication partnerships, or the syndication &#8220;options&#8221; &#8230; Posted on: 05-10-2013 Posted by: admin Your Automotive Website Vendor Does Not Want You To See This Data By Brian Pasch There is a renewed interest in organic search optimization for car  dealer websites, and that is a good thing.  I just completed a session at an Internet 20 Group, and I was surprised that many of the members did not have direct &#8230; Posted on: 05-6-2013 Posted by: admin Autotrader Buys Haystak Digital Marketing By Brian Pasch Haystak Digital Marketing is now part of the Autotrader family of companies serving car dealers.  The announcement further enhances the products that Autotrader can offer dealers to merchandise and advertise their inventory and dealership services.  In recent years other acquisitions have included &#8230; No Twitter Messages &copy; First Class Educators 