 Welcome to Select Motor Classic Car Restoration Parts & Gifts . Select Motor Co.,Inc. Classic Car Restoration Parts &amp; Gifts Select Motor Co.Inc. is a classic and muscle car delaership located in Ball, Louisiana. Classic &amp; Muscle Car Restoration is 90% of what we do.Through the years we have made many contacts in the restoration parts industry, while searching for the best restoration parts for our clients. As a result, we have become distributors for some of the best manufactures in the restoration parts industry. Now, through this classic car and truck parts store we are able to pass the savings on to you. We offer Classic and Muscle Car Restoration Parts for the following makes: Camaro, Firebird, Corvette,Chevelle, Impala, Chevy II Nova, GTO, Chevy Truck, Ford Truck, Jeep, Bronco, El Caminoto name just a few. Hard to find NOS, OER and Used Parts are also available. Totally Stainless Body Bolt &amp; Chassis Kits When it comes to body bolt &amp; chassis kits we believe in Totally Stainless.Stainless is superior to chrome plating because it won't crack or peel as it isn't a surface coating but the very substance from which the fastener is made.Each Body, chassis or engine bolt kit contains component kits that areindividually packaged and labeled. Totally Stainless Body Bolt Kits are available for most classic cars and trucks. We offer the complete line of OER Original Equipment Restoration Parts. This includes Muncie Shifters for the Camaro, along with complete center consoles for the first generation CAMARO as well as center consoles for the 1970 and up Camaro. Look no further for Second Generation Camaro and Firebird Parts. You'll also find we off a large selection of GM Authorized Parts for the Chevy II Nova and Impala. Are you looking for sheet metalbody parts , grills or bumpers? We are a p rouddistributor for Dynacorn. Email your parts list to us and we will price it out for you. Part numbers help but are not necessary. Email Parts Department If you Don't see the part you need, give usa call. We are happy to help. Often we have the part you are searching forand it just has not yet made it to the website. www.Select-Motors.Net Click the Link Below to Visit Our Classic Automobile Restoration Services Website Our online store is currently closed for maintenance. Please visit us again soon. If you need immediate assistance, please e-mail us at genny@selectmotors.net . 