
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Segmental Info System 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
                                        Monday August 26, 2013
                             
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hawaii Literature 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 Hawaii Guide 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 Literature 
 
 
 The literature of Hawaii has become an important part of island culture 
 Hawaiian Humanities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Why Not Go? 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 Past and Present 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Culture 
 Economy 
 History 
 Religion 
 
 
 
 
 Planning  Your Trip 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Getting Info 
 Making Decisions 
 Booking Your Trip 
 When to Go 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts and  Entertainment 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Crafts 
 Dance 
 Film 
 Literature 
 Music: 
 Musical  Instruments 
 Musical  Influences 
 Musical Traditions  and Styles 
 
 Theater 
 Visual Arts 
 
 
 
 
 Food 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Culinary Styles 
 Beverages 
 Seafood 
 
 
 
 
 Getting Around 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Bikes and Mopeds 
 Buses 
 Cruises 
 Rental Cars 
 Taxis 
 
 
 
 
 Travel Basics 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Site Info 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Search 
 Sites of Interest 
 Suggest a Site 
 Terms of Use 
 Contact Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When it comes to artistic expression on the islands of Hawaii the first
thing that many people think of is hula dancing and extravagant luau feasts. But, what many people
don't know is that the Aloha Islands have a history rich in the art of storytelling, which has
helped to shape the literary developments that are so prominent in current culture of the
islands. 
 Power of Words 
 To the Polynesians who first inhabited the Hawaiian islands, knowledge was a sacred spiritual
power, or a manifestation of 
 mana , that had to be protected from all but those who were
considered worthy to use it. For this reason, the Polynesians didn't develop a written language for
fear that the power of knowledge would spread uncontrollably to the common people, who would misuse
it. 
 In the past, Hawaiians believed that words held a spiritual power all their own, which transmit
knowledge. The 
 kahuna pule , or high priests, would pray for spiritual
guidance, which would only be granted if the words were delivered perfectly. The Hawaiians believed
that as long as words were only spoken, then their powers could be limited to a chosen few. But, if
words were written their mana would be available to anyone. 
 The Hawaiians changed their beliefs about literacy with arrival of Western culture on the
islands. Soon, the Hawaiian chiefs discovered that being able to read would help them to better
understand the power of the foreign culture that was arriving on their islands. The Christian
missionaries who arrived in Hawaii in 1820 established schools throughout the islands which the
native islanders were required to attend. By 1828, around 37,000 islanders had learned how to read,
and education and learning had become celebrated throughout the islands, with graduation being a
time of great festivity. With two-fifths of the population educated by 1834, it was believed that
Hawaii had the highest literacy rate in the world at that time period. 
 Famous Hawaiian Authors 
 With the rise of literacy throughout the Hawaiian Islands, many authors with roots in the
islands have emerged into the literary world. Here are some of Hawaii's most popular authors, all
of whom have made invaluable contributions to Hawaiian literature: 
 
 
 
 Kiana Davenport  - born in Honolulu, HA; wrote novels that
explored aspects of life as a Polynesian in Western society 
 
 
 
 Tara Bray Smith  - was born in Hawaii; wrote several article
about the islands 
 
 
 
 Lois-Ann Yamanaka  - a Japanese American poet born in
Molokai, HA; wrote literary works concerning Asian-American families and the local culture of
Hawaii 
 
 
 Oration 
 Because words contained so much power in the Hawaiian culture, oration was an important part of
the islands' literary history. Before the Hawaiians made use of the written word, the islanders
used oratory performances to recount the historical events, as well as to relay stories and poems.
Storytelling, or 
 kukahekahe , and oratory, 
 ha'i'okeki,  were performed for entertainment, as well as
religious ceremonies, to relay family history, to praise chiefs and rulers. Hawaiian chiefs would
hold formal meetings, during which orators would come and perform courtly addresses, giving praise
to the chief. This often took place before the giving of gifts, which along with the oration of
high praise, could be a way for the gift giver to apologize. 
 Entertainment was also a reason to give elaborate orations. The skilled orators and poets would
perform for the communities, speaking of heroic feats of the past. The skill of an storyteller was
marked by his ability to precisely relay the story without omitting any detail, and the audiences
could be very critical. Master orators were able to speak for hours at a time, adding dramatic
creativity to their word-perfect performances. 
 The extent of the memorization and recitation may be inconceivable to some, especially stories
like those of the legendary Kamapua'a, which required sixteen hours of exact recital. After the
Christian missionaries began exposing the people to religion and literacy, they were awed by some
of the Hawaiians who could recite whole books of the Bible shortly after learning how to read. 
 Because much of Hawaiian history and literature relied on the memorized spoken word of the 
 kahuna , who acted as living libraries, much of Hawaiian
history has been lost. But, with the introduction of literature to the islands, the mana of words
has increased beyond what the early Polynesians could have imagined, creating an eternal link to
Hawaii's rich and fascinating history. 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Print this Article 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Film 
 Musical Influences 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 ABOUT SEGISYS 
 TERMS OF USE 
 CONTACT US 
 SUGGEST A SITE 
 
 
  -  dash right to the info you want 
 Copyright &copy; 2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 Print &nbsp;&nbsp;
                     Return to Normal View 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
