 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! Finance  Search Finance Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo! HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Glossary Your Money 101 MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Unexpected Returns Financially Fit Just Explain It Hot Stock Minute Destination Home Cost of Living CNBC Big Data Download Off the Cuff Power Pitch Talking Numbers Latest Headlines Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives  Search for share prices  Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Aug 27, 2013, 4:15 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Seven Arts Entertainment Announces Partnership With Makaveli Music Group For Unreleased Recordings And Feature Documentary On 2Pac Shakur Press Release : Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. &ndash; Tue, Jun 18, 2013 9:11 AM EDT Email 0 Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Print RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change SAPX 0.0025 0.0000  LOS ANGELES, June 18, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. ( SAPX ) ("Seven Arts") today announced a joint venture partnership between its subsidiary Seven Arts Entertainment Music and Television and The Makaveli Music Group. Details of the partnership include exclusive worldwide rights to over 150 hours of previously unseen 2Pac footage including live performances, interviews, and family videos. Seven Arts and The Makaveli Music Group will be producing a full length documentary on 2Pac Shakur utilizing the rare footage. In addition, the project includes a 5 volume CD containing previously unreleased material featuring performances by 2Pac Shakur and his friends Heavy D, the Outlawz, Scarface, Bone Thugs-n- Harmony, and other special guests. The 5 Volume CD set will also be available as a box set and will include a special edition of the new documentary as a bonus DVD. The Tupak Amaru Shakur Foundation ("TASF") was established in 1997 by Afeni Shakur, mother of 2Pac Shakur and Kendrick Lesane, one of the board members for the foundation and CEO of the Makaveli Music Group. It was originally called the Shakur Family Foundation. TASF provides community outreach through the arts, with a variety of performing art camps, local development projects, workshops and scholarships for the youth. "I was thrilled when I first spoke to Peter Hoffman of Seven Arts Entertainment and since meeting Vince Vellardita and Anthony Barlo I now see that we have the same vision and I feel like this project can't get kicked off fast enough!" stated Kendrick Lesane, CEO of Makaveli Music Group. "It is a rare opportunity to be able to work with new unreleased recordings from a landmark artist like 2Pac as well as a library of unreleased video footage.  There are only a few iconic artists who transcend their time and resonate with people from all walks of life throughout the world.  This is a monumental find of previously unreleased video footage and recordings featuring a great American artist, 2Pac Shakur.  It's an honor to be able to work with the Shakur family and the TASF to preserve 2Pac's legacy," Anthony Barlo, President of Seven Arts Music. "2Pac Shakur is one of the top-selling music artists of all time. He has sold more than 75 million records worldwide, and eleven of his releases have gone platinum. In his lifetime, Shakur earned six Grammy nominations and three MTV Video Music Award nominations.  I am pleased to be working with Anthony Barlo and Kendrick Lesane to see this project take off," stated Vince Vellardita, Chairman/CEO of Seven Arts Music and Television. Shakur's hit, "Dear Mama", was added to the National Recording Registry in 2010 and "California Love" has sold over 20 million copies  The National Recording Registry, a branch of the Library of Congress, selectively honors recordings that "are culturally, historically, or aesthetically important, and/or inform or reflect life in the United States." David Michery brought the Shakur opportunity to Seven Arts Pictures, Inc. and Seven Arts Music and Television, Inc. negotiated and closed the deal.  Mr. Michery will continue to serve as a consultant on this project. About Seven Arts Entertainment Inc.: Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. was founded in 2002 as an independent motion picture production and distribution company engaged in the development, acquisition, financing, production and licensing of theatrical motion pictures for exhibition in domestic (i.e., the United States and Canada) and foreign theatrical markets, and for subsequent worldwide release in other forms of media, including home video and pay and free television. Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made under the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated. The information contained in this release is as of April 30, 2013. Seven Arts assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. Contact: Seven Arts Music and Television Vince Vellardita (727)595-8101 vince@beitv.tv     @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook  Related Content Vevo in deals with Apple, Samsung on TV programming, WSJ says Katy Perry Wore A Multi-Colored Grill To MTV's VMAs Recent Quotes Portfolios Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg Chart Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices  Save List to Portfolio » Recent Quotes News Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios.  xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Top Stories » Stocks End Near Lows as Nasdaq Falls 2%; Dow Off 170 Reuters U.S. stocks fell sharply on Tuesday as geopolitical uncertainty rose over a possible military strike by the West&hellip; U.S. Seeking $6B From JPMorgan to Settle Mortgage Claims Reuters Is the Housing Recovery Still on Track? Daily Ticker Bond Traders Smell Blood, and It Could Be Their Own The Exchange Wal-Mart Expands Benefits to Domestic Partners Associated Press Trading Center Compare Brokers » Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 48 prev next Who is her famous father? Photo of wife carrying Marine warms hearts Vin Diesel steps out with his rarely seen family Hagel: U.S. &#39;ready to go&#39; if attack order comes Gomez mocks Cyrus in red carpet photo Brave woman turns tables on bike thief Yahoo! Finance on Facebook @YahooFinance on Twitter POLL Facebook&#39;s market valuation has hit $100 billion. Are you a fan of its stock? Loading... Poll Choice Options Yes, I&#39;ve always been a fan It&#39;s looking attractive now No, it&#39;s too volatile I&#39;ll never &#39;like&#39; the stock  Vote  See results 24 hours remaining xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%'  On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES CNBC Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Paula Patton Paula Deen McDonald's wings Destroyers Syria African serval cat Phoenix haboob Tesla outsells Porsche ConAgra recall Sonia Gandhi Into the Wild Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2013 PR Newswire . All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire. PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.  Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.  Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy  Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - ABC News Network  