 Travel South America Travel Search South America Travel Plan Your Trip What to Do Countries Filed In: Countries & Territories &gt; Argentina &gt; Cities and Regions &gt; Buenos Aires Art, Culture and&#160;Entertainment Literature, music, dance, museums, nightlife, history, government, universities, schools and language programs, media, news, online guides and directories to hotels, events, activities and sightseeing. Casino de Buenos Aires - Review Take an exursion back in time on this floating casino in Buenos Aires' historic port district for an ample selection of gaming choices and a meal. The triple decker casino "Estrella de la Fortuna" opened in October 1999 and is reflective of the Mississippi riverboats of prior time. Carlos Gardel Musical selections for Carlos Gardel- the king of the tango. His musical ability, baritone voice, charm and tango-cancions about love, hate, infidelity, and crimes of passion propelled him to musical and film stardom. Recoleta Cemetery This mausoleum is an example of architecture in Cemeterio de la Recoleta. Buenos Aires - Interview with Author of Frommer's Buenos Aires About's Guide to Honeymoons / Romantic Getaways interviews Luongo, the author of Frommer's Buenos Aires, for his views of the city. Free South America Travel Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore South America Travel Must Reads Top 10 Destinations Top UNESCO Heritage Sites South American Cuisine Machu Picchu Overview Chile's Atacama Desert in Photos Most Popular Countries and Capitals of South America Top 10 South America Tourist Destinations When to Go to South America Iguazu Falls Electricity in South America: Outlets and... Free South America Travel Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Plan Your Trip Countries & Territories Popular Destinations History & Culture Events & Holidays Food & Drink Nature & Wildlife Pictures & Maps Tours & Packages South America Travel About.com Travel South America Travel Countries & Territories Argentina Cities and Regions Buenos Aires Art and Culture Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 