 SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4.Copyright 1996-2011 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com  Automotive News China Automotive News Europe Automobilwoche Classifieds Mobile &#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;&#xa0; Advanced Search | Site Map  Home New Product OEM\Suppliers Dealers Data Center Opinion Video Events Webinars Jobs  Headlines for &raquo; Latest print issue Quick search (past 7 days): Make a selection Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Monday, August 26, 2013 Sunday, August 25, 2013 Saturday, August 24, 2013 Friday, August 23, 2013 Thursday, August 22, 2013 Wednesday, August 21, 2013 &laquo; Back to today's headlines - or - Choose a date: Use the form on the right to select a specific day >> Nissan says it will have self-driving cars ready for 2020 Nissan today said it intends to have multiple self-driving vehicles ready for retail sale in 2020. The assertion shows the Japanese automaker pushing ahead on a promising new technology. But the sale of self-driving vehicles could be derailed by federal traffic safety regulators. Read More &raquo; U.S. to resume alternative-vehicle loan program A federal alternative-vehicle loan program criticized by Republican lawmakers for financing two failed startups will resume marketing to industry groups and possible applicants, the Energy Department said Tuesday. Read More &raquo; AutoNews Now: Cadillac's sporty new line Vsport series blends luxury, performance; Volvo: 'Vanilla' days over; exec shuffle at Jaguar Land Rover; juice for EV sales. Read More &raquo; Jaguar Land Rover promotes N.A. chief Goss to global sales role Jaguar Land Rover is promoting North America President Andy Goss to group sales operations director as part of a shuffle of global sales and marketing executives. Read More &raquo; Corvette headlight probe upgraded by feds on 2005-07 models Federal auto safety regulators are upgrading an investigation into 2005-07 Chevrolet Corvettes after complaints that the headlights suddenly stopped working. Read More &raquo; Corolla update adds bolder design, 42 mpg engine Toyota's compact sedan has long stood for reliable transportation but it also has been saddled with the reputation of a boring appliance for people who don't really care about cars. For the 2014 redesign, Toyota is trying to change that perception. Read More &raquo; Mercedes tops satisfaction survey; overall industry score dips Although light-vehicle sales continue to rebound, customer satisfaction with automobiles fell in 2013 for the first time in two years, according to a new report released today. Read More &raquo; 2013 FRANKFURT AUTO SHOW: Infiniti Q30 Concept fuses coupe, crossover and hatchback Infiniti released the first image of the Q30 Concept that previews an entry-level premium compact aimed at attracting younger customers to the brand. Read More &raquo; '14 Corolla ads dance through history For the launch of the redesigned 2014 Corolla, Toyota is rolling through the years with its television campaign, placing vintage Corollas alongside period-perfect musical touchstones. Read More &raquo; 2013 FRANKFURT AUTO SHOW: Infiniti says Q30 Concept fuses coupe, crossover and hatchback body styles Infiniti has released the first picture of the Q30 Concept that previews an entry-level premium compact aimed at attracting younger customers to the brand. Read More &raquo; Daimler wins French court ruling to resume vehicle sales Daimler won provisional backing from France's highest administrative court to overturn a suspension of Mercedes sales in the country amid a dispute over a new refrigerant. Read More &raquo; Fiat plans to extend layoffs for 5,300 Mirafiori factory workers, report says Fiat plans to extend temporary layoffs at its Mirafiori factory in Italy amid slumping car demand in Europe. About 5,300 workers at the factory in Turin will be asked to stay home for most of next year. Read More &raquo; PSA expects the new Peugeot 308 to help reduce its cash burn PSA/Peugeot-Citroen said it may beat a goal of reducing cash consumption this year as new vehicles such as the 308 hatchback and 2008 crossover help the company boost prices. Read More &raquo; First Shift: 'Peace out' for VW bus Last 600 units of famed Volkswagen microbus rolling off the line in Brazil; Corolla's modern dance?; More U.S. green loans. Read More &raquo; Hyundai's Korean union to extend partial strike Hyundai workers in South Korea plan to extend a partial strike by another two days after the latest round of wage talks failed to produce an agreement. Read More &raquo; Bosch opens chassis control system plant in China German supplier Robert Bosch opened a second chassis control system plant this month in the Chinese city of Chengdu. Read More &raquo; Fuel smugglers cost Europe billions of euros in lost taxes Rising fuel prices in Europe have led to a jump in smuggling and fuel-theft incidents that is costing governments in the region billions of euros in lost taxes. Read More &raquo; Nissan to boost Americas capacity to 2 million vehicles Nissan said it is spending more than $5 billion to expand capacity in the United States, Mexico and Brazil and will have the ability to build more than 2 million autos annually in the Americas by early next year. Read More &raquo; Mercedes outlines turnaround plan for China growth Mercedes will spend 2 billion euros ($2.67 billion) and launch around 20 new or upgraded car models in China over the next two years in a bid to reverse its recent struggles in the market. Read More &raquo; AutoNews Now: China's Geely sets U.S. goal Sales planned for 2016; Consumer Reports praises Impala redo; Nissan starts building NY taxi; in this city, Leaf meets peach. Read More &raquo; Can new checklist lift Chrysler CSI? Chrysler Group, trying to boost customer satisfaction scores, will teach salespeople at its U.S. dealerships to use a digital checklist that employs videos and computer animations to explain vehicle features to new owners. Read More &raquo; eBay offers dealers a subscription discount About six months ago, Green Auto Group in Cottonwood, Ariz., became one of about 100 dealerships and dealership groups to participate in a pilot conducted by eBay Inc. Read More &raquo; Infiniti shifts from stately to 'Latin' The luxury Infiniti brand, which has long boasted of its sedate Japanese roots on the drawing tables and in TV commercials, is now going "Latin," says its head designer. Read More &raquo; First Shift: Three visits before buying Millennials are biggest fans of kicking the tires; GM Super Bowl return; Toyota refrigerant reversal; Chrysler tablet checkout. Read More &raquo; Customs hits illegal imports hard The Land Rover Defender can take a tremendous pounding in the world's harshest settings: jungles, tundras and deserts. But it can't survive the Baltimore claw. Read More &raquo; Chevy Impala most improved redesigned car, Consumer Reports says Consumer Reports magazine rates the 2014 Chevrolet Impala as the most improved redesigned or re-engineered vehicle it has recently tested. Read More &raquo; Mich. governor to name former Mercedes VP to state auto post, report says Michigan Governor Rick Snyder is expected next week to announce the appointment of Nigel Francis, a former vice president at Mercedes-Benz AG and defunct Bright Automotive, as an automotive adviser to the state. Read More &raquo; Tesla's market value tops $20 billion on EV optimism Tesla Motors' market value exceeded $20 billion for part of the day as investors remain optimistic that Elon Musk can keep widening the appeal of electric-powered cars. Read More &raquo; Chevrolet saddles up with U of Texas in Silverado marketing deal Chevrolet, aiming to give a boost to the launch of the redesigned 2014 Silverado, has signed a multi-year marketing partnership with the University of Texas' athletics programs. Financial terms of the pact were not released. Read More &raquo; Class project: Students shake up stores' marketing plans Students in professor Allen Smith's Principles of Advertising class at Florida Atlantic University are just the sort of young automotive outsiders that managers at Napleton Nissan & Kia in Riviera Beach, Fla., wanted to help shake up the dealerships' marketing plans. Read More &raquo; Carmakers look to video games for new routes to market Automakers are increasingly strengthening their relationships with video-game manufacturers as they seek to promote their vehicles and woo young gamers as future customers. Read More &raquo; 2013 FRANKFURT AUTO SHOW: Land Rover will launch diesel hybrid SUVs Land Rover plans to start taking orders for diesel-hybrid versions of its new Range Rover and Range Rover Sport models after their unveilings at the Frankfurt auto show. Read More &raquo; Ford poised to ramp up Fusion output to challenge Camry Ford has bigger aspirations than challenging the Toyota Camry. Its Fusion is about to take on the law of supply and demand. An assembly plant about 20 miles south of Ford headquarters in suburban Detroit is preparing to roll Fusion family cars off the line for the first time. Read More &raquo; Toyota adds discounts for Tesla-powered RAV4 EV Toyota is discounting its all-electric RAV4 through low-cost lease and loan offers to boost demand for the slow-selling compact crossover that's powered by a Tesla Motors battery pack and motor. Read More &raquo; Daimler is not amused by students' Hitler ad Daimler says a spoof advertisement in which a Mercedes C class deliberately runs over a young Adolf Hitler is ''inappropriate.'' Read More &raquo; Geely plans Europe, U.S. imports of Volvo-developed models Geely plans to start China exports of vehicles that it develops with sister brand Volvo to Europe and the United States. Read More &raquo; Nissan to expand EV lineup to 5 models Blowing off media speculation that its bold ambitions for electric vehicles might have cooled, Nissan says it will expand its global EV product line to five models. Read More &raquo; China's Geely targets U.S. exports with Volvo-developed models in 2016 Geely Automobile, whose parent owns Volvo Cars, said it plans to start exporting vehicles that it develops with the Swedish brand to the United States in 2016. Read More &raquo; EDITORIAL: Testing crash prevention A test track being built by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety to measure the effectiveness of accident-avoidance technology is a welcome development. Read More &raquo; LETTER TO THE EDITOR: Tell the whole story about Musk I'm not betting on or against Elon Musk. That's surely best done on Wall Street. Read More &raquo; EDITORIAL: Now is the time to encourage EV acceptance Prices of many electrified vehicles such as the Chevrolet Volt have fallen rapidly over the past year. Read More &raquo; LETTER TO THE EDITOR: EVs will change everything Improved vehicle quality is forcing dealers to focus on maintenance. Read More &raquo; A HOT STORE BIDDING WAR: With M&A; picking up, private groups slug it out with the publics As dealership buy-sells heat up, large privately held dealership groups are bidding aggressively against the large public groups, even for the largest deals. Read More &raquo; SUBSCRIBE | FREE ACCOUNT &#xa0;  AutoNews Marketplace Featured Listing One Call Closer &#xa0; Visit our Marketplace today &raquo; Latest Job Listings Commercial Manager Malloy Ford -- Winchester, Virginia, United States &#xa0; General Sales Manager Ed Bozarth Chevrolet -- Denver, Colorado, United States &#xa0; More Job Listings &raquo; News by Brand Aston Martin BMW Mini Rolls Royce Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram Daimler Mercedes-Benz Smart Fiat Lancia Alfa Romeo Maserati Ferrari Ford Lincoln General Motors Buick Cadillac Chevrolet GMC Holden Opel Vauxhall Honda Acura Hyundai Kia Nissan Infiniti Mazda Mitsubishi PSA Peugeot Citroen Renault Dacia Subaru Suzuki Tata Jaguar Land Rover Toyota Daihatsu Lexus Scion Volkswagen Audi Bentley Bugatti Lamborghini Porsche Seat Skoda Volvo Discontinued Brands Hummer Maybach Mercury Pontiac Saab Saturn  OEMs &amp; Suppliers Manufacturing Executives Design Future Product Green Cars Technology &#xa0;&#xa0;PACE Awards Cutaways World Congress Dealers Best Practices Dealer Associations Dealer Awards Finance &amp; Insurance Marketing Sales Fixed Operations Used Cars NADA Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Opinion Columnists Blogs Letters to the Editor Editorials Leo Michael Cartoons Send us a Letter Auto Shows Detroit Chicago Geneva New York Beijing Shanghai Frankfurt Paris Tokyo Los Angeles Reader Services About Us About Crain Publications Contact Us Digital Edition Industry Events Print Issue Table of Contents RSS Sign up for E-Newsletters &#xbb; SITEMAP &#xbb; Awards and Events &#xbb; Classifieds &#xbb; Data &#xbb; Europe Monthly E-Magazine &#xbb; Marketplace &#xbb; Media Kit &#xbb; Special Sections &#xbb; Webinars Entire contents &copy; Crain Communications, Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us 