  RAA You are here: Home &gt; Motoring &gt; Buying and Selling a Car &gt; Used Car Buying Tips Search myRAA Register | Tell me more Home Membership Travel Insurance Motoring Security Shop Security Road Safety Car Reviews Buying and Selling a Car Selling a Car Used Car Buying Tips New Car Buying Tips New Car Safety Ratings Used Car Safety Ratings Approved Vehicle Dealers Best Car Awards Environment Rating Car Advice Approved Repairers Battery Service Fuel Car Security Motoring Forum Vehicle Inspections FAQs Email RAA Tech Advice Locate a Shop Become a fan on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Used Car Buying Tips There are a number of factors which must be considered when buying a used car. As the purchase is likely to be large in comparison to others made during day to day life, itâ&euro;&trade;s worth stopping and considering each point in turn. In addition to the information provided below, to make buying a used car easier, RAA has produced a used car buyersâ&euro;&trade; inspection checklist and fact sheet, which members can print out and use as a point of reference. Buying checklist Car buyers fact sheet New protections for used car buyers - Cooling Off rights effective 29th November 2010 A two day &quot;cool off &quot; period will apply to used vehicle (and demonstrator) sales as of 29th November 2010. Potential used vehicle purchasers will have 2 clear business days to double think their buying decision. New rules also apply to deposit amounts and requirements for activating, or putting a cool off into action. Buyers will also have the option to waiver their cool off rights. Cooling off rights do not apply to new vehicles. Follow the link below to see the current advice, and further details from the office of Consumer and Business Services. Cooling Off Rights - C&amp;BS Cooling Off Rights - FAQs Sample Cool Off Letter How much should you spend? One of the most frequently asked questions when buying a car new or used is how much to spend. Deciding on a maximum price before starting the buying process will help you stay on budget. It is important to remember that buying a car involves expenses such as transfer fee, stamp duty, insurance and registration. Be sure to allow for these additional cost in your budget. If you are borrowing money it is best to arrange finance beforehand. The amount you can afford to borrow may determine your budget. Make sure to carefully check the interest rates and loan conditions, as they usually vary between financial institutions. Examine the loan repayments carefully - do they allow for changes in your income or interest rates? To get an idea of the likely price range of cars that you're interested in our Technical Advisory Service can provide you with pricing information. We use Glass's Guide, a comprehensive datatbase that includes information on vehicle prices and specification data, residual value information and market intelligence. This is the industry standard and only available to subscribers so you'll have the same information as the professionals. To obtain this information and speak to one of our Technical Advisers call 8202 4689 or email If you want to get an online indication of the likely price range of cars that you're interested in, try an online database such as Redbook. click here for access to the Redbook site. Choosing the right car Ask yourself what kind of driving you will be doing in the vehicle and whether this may change in the future. Questions like how many people will the vehicle usually carry and will it be required to tow a caravan or trailer will help determine the type of vehicle and engine size. For example if you plan to tow, a six cylinder engine would be best suited. However, if your driving will be done mainly in the metropolitan area then a four cylinder model may be best. Think about how much you can afford to spend each week to run the car. The more cylinders, the higher the registration and usually, the higher the fuel consumption. Also consider that it may be harder to obtain parts for a less popular model of car. Where to buy from? There are three different options when choosing where to buy your used car from. You can buy privately from the current owner, through a vehicle dealer or through an auction. Buying privately or through an auction may provide you with greater bargaining power but does not allow you to trade in your old vehicle. If you purchase from a dealer, a warranty may apply, when buying privately or at auction youâ&euro;&trade;ll receive no warranty. The RAA has a network of RAA Approved Dealers who offer for sale only used cars which have been inspected and approved by RAA. What to look for Take your time when looking at cars. Never inspect a car at night or in the rain as paint and body faults may be difficult to detect. Minor rust spots can quickly become serious. Ask to see the service record to ensure the vehicle has been regularly maintained. Unevenly worn tyres can indicate faulty brakes, suspension or steering. Abnormal free movement when the steering is rocked from side to side indicates wear in the steering components. Road testing a car When you have found a car you like, you should test drive it to check its condition. You should ensure that it starts easily, has no excessive engine noise and doesnâ&euro;&trade;t blow smoke from the exhaust. However, only an experienced mechanic can tell you whether the engine is in good condition. While driving it listen for body squeaks and changes in engine noise. Check for oil and petrol smells, leaks and overheating. Whining noises from the gearbox or differential could mean expensive repairs. Loud thumps resounding through the car on rough roads could indicate worn suspension components. Check that all instruments and controls on the interior of the car are working. Make sure that the heater blows hot air and if air-conditioned, ensure it blows cold air. While certain things can be picked up during a simple road test, there is much that can't. This is why itâ&euro;&trade;s always best to have the vehicle checked by an independent expert. RAA offers a number of different vehicle inspections. Personal Properties Security Register (formerly Vehicle Securities Register) If you are satisfied with the condition of the vehicle, visit the Personal Property Security Register online at www.ppsr.gov.au to make sure that there is no money owing on the car, or have the RAA do this check for you as part of the RAA Prepurchase Total Care Vehicle Inspection. The PPS Register is a notice board which allows individuals and organisations to search and register security interests in personal property. If there is a loan attached to the vehicle it could be repossessed and you could lose your money. They can also tell you if the vehicle is held as security on a loan and may tell you if it is stolen or has previously been wrecked and written-off. They will require the registration number, engine number and VIN (vehicle identification number). For a small fee, they can provide you with a certificate. This may give you legal protection and prevent repossession by any former credit provider. The Register isn't able to give any guarantee regarding its accuracy on stolen vehicles as a car may be stolen and sold before its theft is reported to the police. If you are buying from a licensed motor vehicle dealer, they must guarantee that there is no finance owing on the vehicle. In this situation you do not have to use the Personal Property Security Register, unless to satisfy yourself about theft or write off. Warranties A vehicle purchased privately will have no warranty. A vehicle purchased from a dealer may have a warranty. The period of that warranty will be determined by the purchase price of the vehicle. $3001 - $6000 provides cover for the first 3,000 km travelled or two months which ever occurs first. Over $6000 gives cover for the first 5,000 km travelled or 3 months. Vehicles that are sold for less than $3000, have travelled more than 200,000 kilometres or were first registered more than 15 years ago are not covered by a warranty even when purchased from a dealer. No warranty applies on a vehicle that you have had in your possession for 3 months or more before the date of sale. You can choose not to have a warranty in order to negotiate a better price. However, a dealer is not permitted to make it a condition of sale. A dealer who sells a vehicle through an auction must meet the same warranty requirements as if the car were sold from the car yard. Buying from an auction Vehicles being auctioned should display the following information. Auctioneer's name Name and address of previous owner Accuracy of the vehicle's odometer Whether the vehicle is covered by a warranty Transfer of registration A licensed motor vehicle dealer may offer to process the transfer of registration for you, but in the case of a private sale, it is the buyerâ&euro;&trade;s responsibility to transfer the registration of a second hand vehicle within 14 days of purchase. When applying for this, a transfer fee is payable along with the stamp duty. *New laws introduced in January 2009 now require the seller to forward the disposal notice to a Transport SA service centre either in person or by post within 14 days of the sale. Failure to comply with this requirement will incur an expiation fee of $160. This penalty will not be enforced for the first 12 months, to enable the vehicle-selling community to become accustomed to the new requirements. Contact Us Call our Tech Advice Team to learn how to receive double the Statutory Warranty free. 8202 4689 Â  Email Tech Advice Royal Automobile Association of South Australia Inc. Road Service 13 11 11 General Enquiries 08 8202 4600  http://www.raa.com.au/page.aspx?TerID=155   Printed 28/08/2013 7:02 AM  Join RAA Why Join RAA? What are the Benefits? FAQ's Contact RAA Email Shop Locator Contact Numbers Approved Repairer Locator Products &amp; Services Resources About Careers Privacy Sitemap Terms &amp; Conditions Code of Ethics Subscribe to E-Newsletters Subscribe now and get the latest competitions, news and member offers. Share this page Website monitored by 