 Maps of World Your Window to the World World Maps North America Maps South America Maps Europe Maps Asia Maps Africa Maps Australia Maps Antartica Maps Countries Business and Economy Cities Education Events and Festivals Hotels Sports Travel Home > Malawi > Arts And Entertainment > Malawi Television Search Malawi Television Email Print  Newsletter  Malawi Fact Sheet About Malawi Malawi Maps Malawi States and Regions Malawi Cities Map Malawi Travel Malawi Hotels Malawi Business and Economy Malawi sports Malawi Flag Malawi Education Malawi Health Care Malawi History and Culture Malawi television is one of the main sources of information to the people of Malawi. The television was first introduced in the country in the year 1999. Based in Blantyre, Malawi TV is the only television channel of Malawi. The senior producer of this TV station is Gladys Gama Gandali. English is the working language of this television station. Apart from providing information on various important issues, the programs broadcasted on TVM (Malawi TV) helps in spreading awareness among the people regarding detrimental effects of AIDS (AcquiredImmuno Deficiency Syndrome). The other programs underscores on various health related issues and gender bias. The Malawi television is also a source of entertainment to the Malawians.  History & Culture A significant part of Malawi's culture is its traditional dances and music. Explore more in this section. Culture of Malawi History of Malawi  Malawi Travel The islands, national parks, and forest reserves of Malawi are a treat for the tourists who love exploring nature.. Places of Interest  North America Map US Map Mexico Map Canada Map Europe Map Germany Map Italy Map France Map Australia & Oceania Map Australia Map New Zealand Map Fiji Map World Map World Outline Map World Physical Map World Thematic Maps World City Info New York Washington D.C. London UK Regions Map UK Map England Map Wales Map South America Map Brazil Map Argentina Map Peru Map Asia Map China Map India Map Japan Map Africa Map South Africa Map Egypt Map Nigeria Map Cities Maps London City Map Chicago City Map Paris City Map USA States Maps US States USA Thematic Maps USA County Maps Maps Wall Maps Printable World Map Thematic World Maps Utilities USA Distance Calculator USA Store Finder Projection Maps World Atlas Landkarten Der Welt Weltkarten Kontinentkarten USA Karten Deutsch Flags Referrals Latitude & Longitude Connect with us Facebook Twitter Blog RSS Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter About Us | Advertise With Us | Sitemap | Link To Us | Privacy Policy Â&copy;Compare Infobase Ltd. 