 Local Detroit Search Detroit Neighborhoods Things to Do Background/Basics Arts & Entertainment A list of things to do, see and experience in the City of Detroit and its suburbs, including shows, events, festivals, plays and concerts. Car-Related Events in Detroit (13) Detroit Casino Hotels (14) Detroit Museums and Zoos (13) Detroit Tours (2) Detroit: Just Visiting (10) Events and Festivals by Community (9) Getaways and Vacations (21) Holiday and Seasonal Events (52) Movie Theaters (9) Shows, Concerts and Theater (28) Things to Do in Detroit by Season (59) Things to Do This Weekend in Detroit This Weekend in Detroit - Things to Do This Weekend in Detroit, including events, festivals, comedy shows, concerts, plays, musicals, theatre, ballet, dance, opera, home games, sports, trade shows, conventions, expos and activities on Friday, Saturday and Sunday; August 23rd, 24th and 25th, 2013. Michigan Concerts and Shows Michigan Entertainment and Shows - 2013 Schedule of Michigan Entertainment and Shows, including Casino Entertainment, Broadway Shows, Music Concerts and Comedy Shows in Ann Arbor, Battle Creek, Flint, Grand Rapids, Kalamazoo, East Lansing, Lansing, Mount Pleasant New Buffalo, and Saginaw. Concert venues and theaters include The Ark, Hill... Metro Detroit Events and Things to Do in May, 2013 Metro Detroit Events and Things to Do in May - List of Metro Detroit Events and Things to Do in May 2013, including Tigers Baseball, March of Dimes &#8220;March for Babies&#8221; , Green Street Fair, Ann Arbor Antiques, Art Birmingham, Downtown Hoedown, Movement: Detroit&#8217;s Electronic Music... Detroit Events and Things to Do Detroit Events and Things to Do - Detroit Events and Things to Do, including information, reviews and recommendations about entertainment, shows, festivals, concerts, restaurants, bars, nightlife, events, games, sports and recreational options. The Woodward Dream Cruise and North American International Auto Show are two of Detroit's biggest... Zombies in Detroit and Michigan Zombies in Detroit and Michigan - Sightings of Zombies in Detroit and Michigan, including information about Zombie Walk Detroit for Gleaners Community Food Bank, a Zombie themed amusement park proposed by Z World Detroit, and Surviving the Coming Zombie Apocalypse, a class offered at MSU. The Best of Detroit Music: Motown Records Motown Records - The Best of Detroit Music: Motown Records. The label was created by Berry Gordy. The Motown sound was a combination of soul, gospel and pop and included the sounds of Martha and the Vandellas, Marvin Gaye and Stevie Wonder. List of Top Detroit Area Attractions The City of Detroit has been known by several monikers through the centuries, including the Motor City and Motown. The area has diversified since then. While cars and music are still tops, the Metro Detroit area has several top Detroit Area Attractions. List of Recently Released CDs by Local Detroit Bands and Musicians Detroit proudly sports the moniker of MoTown, which is itself its own genre of music. Rather then rest on its laurels, however, Detroit continues to pump out musical talent, from Afro-pop to garage rock. Listed below are some recently released albums and CDs by local Detroit Bands and Musicians. In some cases, the links include downloads for purchase. Things to Do and Events for Singles in Detroit There are several organizations that make it their business to host events for singles in Detroit. The social clubs and event-planning groups vary their focus by age and interests, but between the lot of them, there should be an event for every Detroit-area single looking to meet people in a comfortable environment. Detroit Singles Guide There are several resources geared specifically for singles in Detroit, including social clubs, church groups, travel planners and event-listing newsletters. It is also helpful to know which neighborhoods, parks and restaurant/bars are geared toward single adults rather than families with kids. The Detroit Singles Guide will help get you started. List of Free Things to Do in Detroit Bad-to-dismal economic news has Metro Detroiters thinking twice before spending money, especially for entertainment. No matter your budget, however, it is still possible to have a great time in Detroit and its surrounding areas. To help you think outside the box, here is a list of cheap or free things to do in Detroit. Final Four Events in Detroit Tickets are scarce for the Final Four, the semi-final leg of the NCAA Men's Division Basketball Championship. That doesn't mean you can't celebrate college basketball. There are plenty of Final-Four events in Detroit. Detroit Events Calendar The Metro Detroit area plays host to a lot events throughout the year, including festivals, attractions, fairs, shows, walks and marathons. Because planning is everything, check out the Detroit Events Calendar to see which events are scheduled month to month in the Metro Detroit area. List of Trade Shows, Conventions and Expos Coming to Detroit Conventions and Expos Coming to Detroit - List of Trade Shows, Conventions and Expos Coming to Detroit in 2013 at Cobo Center, The Palace of Auburn Hills, Pontiac Silverdome, Novi Suburban Collection Showplace, the Gibraltar Trade Centers in Mt. Clemens and Taylor, and the Macomb Sports & Expo Center in Warren. Summer Vacation and Things to Do With Kids in Detroit The kids are home for the summer and have nowhere to be for almost three months! Here are a few ideas for things to do with the kids over Summer Vacation in Detroit: Free Detroit Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Detroit Must Reads Things to Do This Weekend Things to Do in August Guide to Labor Day Weekend Baseball Parks Near Detroit Guide to Gardening in Detroit Most Popular Schedule of Metro Detroit Shows and Concerts in... Metro Detroit Events and Things to Do in... Detroit Events Calendar Things to Do This Weekend in Detroit Detroit Events and Things to Do Over Labor Day... Free Detroit Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Architecture & Landmarks Arts & Entertainment Education Family Activities Food & Dining Government & Politics Jobs & Business Media Neighborhoods & Real Estate People & Lifestyles Shopping Sports & Recreation Transportation Detroit About.com Local Detroit Arts & Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 