
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cody Country Chamber of Commerce 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Visit 
 
 
 Getting Here 
 
 
 Places to Stay 
 
 
 Dining & Shopping 
 
 
 Arts & Entertainment 
 
 
 Area Attractions 
 
 
 Scenic Drives & Tours 
 
 
 Outdoor Recreation 
 
 
 Wildlife Viewing 
 
 
 Cody Audio Tour 
 
 
 Yellowstone National Park 
 
 
 Free Travel Guide 
 
 
 Visitor Center 
 
 
 
 Live 
 
 
 Getting Here 
 
 
 Free Relocation Guide 
 
 
 Do Business 
 
 
 Cody's History 
 
 
 Cody Economy 
 
 
 Community Profile 
 
 
 Community Facilities 
 
 
 Community Civic & Social Resources 
 
 
 Cody 2020 Community Values 
 
 
 Real Estate Resources 
 
 
 Financial & Business Resources 
 
 
 Forward Cody - Business Relocation 
 
 
 Park County Leadership Institute 
 
 
 
 Membership 
 
 
 Member Directory 
 
 
 Chamber Membership 
 
 
 Join Today 
 
 
 Membership Offers & Specials 
   
 
 Events 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 Buffalo Bill Art Show & Sale 
 
 
 Cody High Style 
 
 
 Cody Wild West Shows 
 
 
 
 Chamber 
 
 
 About Cody Chamber 
 
 
 Recent Newsletter 
 
 
 Job Opportunities 
 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 
 Committees 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 
 Strategic Plan 2011-2016 
 
 
 Webcam 
 
 
 
 Facebook Icon 
 
 
 Twitter Icon 
 
 
 E-mail Icon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts & Entertainment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 
 
 
 Go back to:  Home  &rsaquo; Arts & Entertainment 
 Cody is home to an inspired community of Western artists &amp; endless entertainment. 
 
 
 
 ARTS 
 Cody is home to an inspired community of Western artists, a growing number of fine art and photo galleries, and the renowned Buffalo Bill Center of the West. 
 
The varied landscape surrounding Buffalo Bill&#39;s town in the Rockies, the abundant wildlife, the quality of light and atmosphere all continue to inspire painters, sculptors, and craftsmen working in a varitety of styles and media. 
 
Cody&#39;s annual celebration of the arts has blossomed over the years into a community-wide festival featuring three events known collectively as the  Rendezvous Royale . The  Buffalo Bill Art Show &amp; Sale  remains the cornerstone of a four-day celebration that also features the  Cody High Style  and the  Buffalo Bill Center of the West&nbsp;Patron&#39;s Ball . 
 
The Park County Arts Council is a non-profit organization dedicated to fostering support for the arts in Park County, Wyoming, and to enhancing arts education in grades K-12. The Council sponsors one concert or performance in each of three communities (Cody, Meteetsee and Powell) each year, and funds numerous additional arts programs in the schools, including the Missoula Children&#39;s Theatre and Shakespeare in the Schools. 
 
 
 Phil Starke is working quickly during the Quickdraw Event at the Buffalo Bill Art Show in Cody, Wyoming. 
&nbsp; 
 Cody Country Art League&nbsp; 
 Formally established in 1964, the Cody Country Art League shares its location with the Cody Country Chamber of Commerce in the original Buffalo Bill Museum on Sheridan Avenue in downtown Cody. This structure is registered on the National Register of Historic Places. 
 
The Cody Country Art League is a non-profit organization dedicated to the promotion of art and artists. With ever-changing displays, competitions, and featured artist shows it promotes, encourages, and highlights local and area artists. Educational opportunities are made available through professional artists and quality instructors that share their talents and knowledge. Affordable classes and workshops are offered for all ages and abilities. 
 
Sustained through donations, fundraising events, sales, and grants received from the Wyoming Arts Council and the National Endowment for the Arts, the Cody Country Art League continues to strive to provide opportunities to the community to participate, educate, and appreciate the diversities in art. 
 
 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 Entertainment opportunities abound in Cody Country. Use the  Cody Country Chamber of Commerce Calendar of Events  to keep in touch with community events and entertainment offerings. This calendar of events is updated on a regular basis and is the most complete listing available. 
 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 
 CODY CATTLE COMPANY 
 
The Cody Cattle Company offers a Chuckwagon Dinner and a live high-tech, foot-stompin&rsquo; Western Music Show. Our new, clean climate-controlled building provides a comfortable setting for guests to enjoy dinner and the 60-minute show. 
 
Come experience a bit of real Western hospitality with an evening of family entertainment you&rsquo;ll never forget! 
 
 Our most popular ticket packages: 
 
 
 Trifecta Ticket: Dinner, Show &amp; ticket to Cody Nite Rodeo &ndash; {Adults $41 &amp; Children $21} - 
Download Coupon 
 
 
 
 
 Daily Double Ticket: Dinner &amp; a Show &ndash; {Adults $26 &amp; Children $13} - 
Download Coupon 
 
 
The Trifecta Ticket is available June thru August, except June 30-July 4. 
The Daily Double Ticket is available June thru September. 
 
Doors open at 5:30pm for dinner, the show starts at 6:30pm, and rodeo action begins at 8pm. The rodeo grounds are within walking distance of The Cody Cattle Company. 
 
Call 307.272.5770 or visit  www.thecodycattlecompany.com  for reservations. 
Located at: 1910 Demaris Street, Cody, WY 82414 -  Map It 
 
 
 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 
 CODY GUNFIGHTERS 
 
In 1996 a Centennial year, the committee of the annual Buffalo Bill Ball asked Jay Thorington to create a skit as entertainment for the guests attending the ball. Later the group that performed this skit realized that this was a great idea to perform on the streets of Cody, Wyoming next to the famous Irma Hotel. Subsequently the Gunfighters, a non-profit organization was born. These enthusiasts created such characters as Buffalo Bill, Wild Bill Hickok, Ike Clanton, Mad Dog Harry Tracy, Emmett Dalton, Lucky Bill, Doc Payne, Laddy Da, Crazy Cora, Miss Cassie, Fred White and Teton Jackson. These characters represented the Wild West. The players are primarily volunteers and create their own authentic costumes and dedicate many hours in preparation for the season. 
 
Catch a performance June through September, Monday through Saturday 
Cody 4th of July Stampede Rodeo - July 1, 2, &amp; 3 - performances at 8:00 pm, 
Located on the street in front of the Irma Hotel porch 
Admission is free! 
 www.codygunfighters.com 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 
 CODY NITE RODEO &amp; THE JULY 4TH CODY STAMPEDE 
 
And Cody is rodeo! Billing itself as &ldquo;Rodeo Capital of the World,&rdquo; Cody provides a unique opportunity to capture the excitement of a real rodeo in a dramatic western setting. The Cody Nite Rodeo is the only seven-night-a-week rodeo in the country. From June through August, the Nite Rodeo features professional and on-their-way-up cowboys and cowgirls competing under the lights against a picturesque backdrop of the Shoshone Canyon and Heart Mountain. The Cody Stampede is one of the country&rsquo;s premiere Fourth of July rodeo celebrations and has been playing host to the top cowboys and cowgirls for more than 80 years! 
 
Cody Nite Rodeo - Nightly June 1 through August 31 
Nightly performance at 8:00 pm 
Cody 4th of July Stampede Rodeo - July 1, 2, &amp; 3 - performances at 8:00 pm, 
July 4th performance at 5:00 pm 
 www.codystampederodeo.com 
 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 
 CONCERTS IN THE PARK 
Each summer season City Park in downtown Cody is the location for enjoyable evenings of great music. The Concerts in the Park series is held in July and August, most often on Thursdays. Bring a lawn chair or blanket and enjoy these free concerts. The Concert series is sponsored by local area merchants. Click here for schedule of performers:  Cody Country Chamber of Commerce Calendar of Events 
 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 DAN MILLER&#39;S COWBOY MUSIC REVUE - A Branson Style Music Variety Show! 
 
Join Dan and his &ldquo;Empty Saddles Band&rdquo; at the historic Cody Theater across from the Irma Hotel for an evening of music, comedy and poetry featuring Wendy Corr, Tim Bushnell and Hannah Miller. Now in their 8th season, Dan&#39;s Cowboy Music Revue has entertained thousands of people from all over the world and is a regular stop for many of the tour groups that vacation in Cody. 
 
Dan is the award winning television host of &ldquo;Xtreme Bulls&rdquo; on ESPN and &ldquo;The Best of the West&rdquo; on the Outdoor Channel. Dan also produces the &ldquo;Cody Wild West Show,&rdquo; a live concert series featuring entertainers such as Lacy J. Dalton, T.G. Sheppard and Mel Tillis. His extraordinary &ldquo;Cowboy Music Revue&rdquo; has been featured in &ldquo;USA Today&rdquo; and filmed for ESPN and the Travel Channel. 
 
The Cowboy Music Revue performs May through September, Monday through Saturday, at the Cody Theater at 1171 Sheridan Avenue -  Map It . The cost is $14.00/person and the box office opens at 7:30 p.m. For tickets and information call 307-272-7855.  www.cowboymusicrevue.com 
 
Don&rsquo;t miss your opportunity to enjoy a truly world-class live theatre experience in Cody, Wyoming! 
 
 
 
 
 
&nbsp; 
 
 ANNUAL WILD WEST BALLOON FEST 
 
Annually, the first weekend of August, Cody plays host to a hot air balloon festival. Balloonists from across the country head to Cody to fly in one of the most scenic areas on earth. An evening balloon glow kicks off the event, and balloons take off early each morning from Cody&#39;s Mentock Park. Click here for schedule of performers:  Cody Country Chamber of Commerce Calendar of Events 
 
 
 
 
 
&nbsp; YELLOWSTONE JAZZ FESTIVAL 
 
Each year the Yellowstone Jazz Festival attracts top jazz performers and musicians to the Yellowstone National Park area to participate in numerous jazz concerts during the Festival. Past performers at the summer festivals have included Buddy DeFranco, Bill Charlap, Marvin Stamm, Tommy Newsom, Sunny Wilkinson, Bill Mays, Nick Brignola, Derek Smith, Ronnie Bedford and many others. More information visit:  Yellowstone Jazz Festival 
 
 Top 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Connect with us 
 Thanks for visiting us. Please stay connected  by following updates about Cody, Wyoming. 
 E-mail 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 News & Info 
 
  Recent Newsletter 
 Events Calendar 
 Registered with U.S. Chamber of Commerce 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 (307) 587-2777 
 info@codychamber.org 
 Cody Country Chamber of Commerce 
					836 Sheridan Avenue 
				  Cody, Wyoming 82414 
 
 
 
 Get in touch 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;Copyright &copy; 2013 Cody Country Chamber of Commerce. All rights reserved. &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;   Designed by  Big Idea Advertising, Cody Wyoming 
 
 
 
