 Autos Exotic Cars Search Exotic Cars Exotic Car Pictures Exotic Car Histories Share Apply now to guide this site Discuss in our forum Rapier Superlight Coupe From Kristen Hall-Geisler , former About.com Guide Rapier Superlight Coupe Open Rapier Automotive See More About american cars rapier Rapier Superlight Coupe - The Name Says It All: Rapier SLC Pictures Rapier Automotive isn't beating around the bush with its Rapier Superlight Coupe -- it's a two-door supercar that weighs in at 2375 pounds, a third less than the Corvette ZR1, according to the company. The company itself, which is based in Boston, Massachusetts, is named for a light, quick type of sword, which seems fitting. Speaking of quick, the SL-C, as the car is known for short, has a reported top speed of 222 mph, and that's with its middle-grade engine installed behind the seats. And how much might this hand-built speed demon set you back? Just $179,000, with the 480-hp engine. The Bones of the SL-C: The Rapier Superlight Coupe starts with an all-aluminum monocoque chassis with composite body panels, which contributes greatly to the mission to keep the weight down. The car has three V8 engine choices: a 6.2-liter with 480 hp, a 7-liter with 505 hp, or a 6.2-liter supercharged number with 638 hp. Whichever one you want, it's mated to a six-speed Recaro manual transmission. Stopping power comes from front 13-inch front rotors and rear 11.8-inch rotors, each with six-piston calipers. Given the hours this car will likely spend on the track, a six-point roll cage and quick-release steering wheel have been incorporated. Delivery in Nine Months: Like every bundle of joy worth waiting for, the Rapier SL-C is delivered in nine months. Why so long? Each car is built to the new owner's specified dimensions for floor level, headroom, pedal positions, seat size, and more. The exterior comes in 14 colors (including pink and purple), the interior is hand-stitched, and carbon inserts can be added inside. There's a choice of stereo systems and gadgets like a radar detector, and the forged aluminum wheels come in 9 finishes. The DigiDash provides information about vehicle dynamics, engine settings, and -- most importantly -- lap times. Rapier Superlight Coupe Stats: Engine: 6.2-liter V8, 7-liter V8, or 6.2-liter supercharged V8 Top speed: 222 mph with the 7-liter 0-60 mph: 3.2 seconds Fuel economy: N//A Price: $179,000 with the base engine Suggested Reading Fastest Cars in the World - The World's Fastest Cars Mosler MT900 Spyker C8 Aileron Related Articles 2004 Audi A4 - Profile - 2004 Audi A4 Cars in The Italian Job (1969) Ferrari F40 2010 Exotic Cars CVT - what the Continuously Variable Transmission is and how CVT works Top Related Searches composite body panels corvette zr1 piston calipers point roll cage aluminum wheels speed demon Explore Exotic Cars Must Reads Exotic Car Badges: Let's Go Logos! 2012 Exotic Car Models For Your Eyes Only: The Cars of 007 The Spendiest Cars on the Planet Zoom! The World's Fastest Cars Most Popular Exotic Car Logos World&#039;s Most Expensive Cars The Cars in Iron Man&#039;s Garage James Bond Film Cars The Italian Stallion: A History of Ferrari By Category Exotic Cars by Model Year Exotic Car Profiles Overviews of Makers Famous Film Cars Key Facts Dream Garages Image Galleries Events Top Picks Factories and Museums Reviews Books and Gear Car Clubs Gray-Market Cars Exotic Cars About.com Autos Exotic Cars Exotic Car Profiles Rapier Superlight Coupe Profile - Rapier SL-C Facts and Stats - About the Rapier SL-C Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 