 At home Business eircom.net eircom group My eircom login Webmail Jump to Navigation | Jump to Content Broadband Bundles Phone TV eMobile eircom.net News SportsHub StudyHub WiFiHub Webmail eSecurity My Bill / My eircom Help &amp; Support You are here: eircom.net homepage &raquo; entertainment &raquo; gossip web property support jobs li id="msb-tab-more" class="more"><a href="#web">more</a><ul><li id="msb-tab-phonebook"><a href="#search-phonebook">phonebook</a></li></ul></li Search: Custom Search Search: Sale Rent Share in Select a location No Min No Max Any Number Search: home business Search: Who Where business residential  Keywords: County --Select-- Dublin Dublin City Centre Dublin South Dublin North Dublin West Kildare Kilkenny Laois Longford Louth Meath Offaly Westmeath Wexford Wicklow Carlow Donegal Derry Antrim Down Fermanagh Cavan Monaghan Tyrone Armagh Belfast Clare Cork Cork City Kerry Limerick Limerick City Tipperary Waterford Waterford City Galway Leitrim Mayo Roscommon Sligo All Locations Nationwide Canada UK USA Australia New Zealand France Norway Malaysia Middle East Spain Holland Germany Bermuda Malta China Denmark Russia Papua New Guinea Job Type --Select-- All Permanent Temporary Contract Full-time Part-time Recruiter --Select-- Both Company Agency Powered by  Gossip Justin Bieber blasts baby claims (BANG) - Justin Bieber has branded claims he fathered a love child with a fan "absolute bulls**t". The 'Baby' hitmaker was devastated when he had legal papers filed against him by... read story Rick Martin bullied gay men in his youth Ricky Martin used to bully gay men when he was younger. The 41-year-old singer - who announced he was homosexual in 2010 after struggling for years to accept his sexuality - admits he was... read story Cheryl Cole wants full back tattoo (BANG) - Cheryl Cole wants to cover her entire back in tattoos. The 'Fight for This Love' singer already has seven etchings on her body but is keen to have more as she loves them so much,... read story Walsh: 'X Factor' needs to become 'more honest' X Factor judge Louis Walsh has admitted that the show "needs to change" and become "more honest". The 61-year-old star promised "a Susan Boyle moment" in the 10th series, which begins on... read story  Nicki Minaj branded 'temperamental diva' (BANG) - Nicki Minaj has been branded a "temperamental diva" following an alleged outburst against a beautician. The 'Super Bass' hitmaker reportedly launched a verbal tirade against Dawn... read story Perez Hilton and Lady Gaga's friendship well and truly broken Perez Hilton says Lady Gaga's behaviour towards him has left him full of "sadness" and he doesn't think they can repair their friendship. The pair were once good friends but their... read story Nude Kate Moss portrait set to make 18k (BANG) - One of Kate Moss' favourite photographs of herself is expected to sell for ÂŁ18,000 at auction. The black and white nude portrait of the supermodel, taken by photographer Albert... read story Jack Branning from Eastenders to head to Hollywood EastEnders' Scott Maslen is attempting to break Hollywood. The 42-year-old actor - who announced in February he was quitting the BBC One soap after playing Jack Branning for six years - is... read story Beyonce Knowles highest paid performer per minute (BANG) - Beyonce Knowles has been named the highest earning entertainer by the minute in the world. The 'Love on Top' singer topped a poll by social media website saucytime.com by earning... read story Eminem's new single a blast from the past with Beastie Boys samples Eminem samples Beastie Boys on his new single, 'Berzerk'. The rapper has unveiled the Dr. Dre and Rick Rubin produced track as the first proper single from his upcoming 'The Marshall... read story  Entertainment Home Music Movies Events  Pricing Contact Us Legal Disclaimer ISPai hotline.ie Site Feedback Mobile Disability Services Privacy Terms &amp; Conditions Cookies eircom Limited. Private Company Limited by Shares. Registered in Dublin. Registration Number 98789.Registered Office 1 Heuston South Quarter, St. John's Road, Dublin 8. &copy; 2013 eircom. All rights reserved. 