 [if IE 6]><script type="text/javascript" src="http://static.dealer.com/v8/global/js/tools/no-flicker.pack.js?1356028163000"></script><div id="fixedWrap"><![endif] Home New Cars Car Showroom New Cars Featured Cars New BMW Cars New Honda Cars New MINI Cars Used Cars Used Cars BMW Certified Honda Certified CPO MINI Cooper Cars Under $10K Featured Used Cars Finance Center Finance Center Payment Estimator Finance Locations Peace of Mind Maintenance Finance Specials Parts & Service Parts Center Service Center Honda Service Request BMW Service Request MINI Service Request Parts and Accessory Specials Specials Used Car Specials Featured Vehicles Parts and Accessory Specials New Car Specials BMW Tire Special Used Car Finance Specials About Us About Us Contact Us Hours and Directions Employment Schomp Modern Schomp Mobile Apps Schomp Automotive social media sites Schomp Automotives Community Involvement 70 Years Strong Annual Children's Hospital Sales Event Denver International Auto Show Denver Fashion Week MINIs in the Mountains Schomp BMW POLO Classic 2013 Fire Muster 2011 Pridefest Calendar of Events News Our Locations Connections in the Community Schomp is Hiring Jammin' Junior  [if IE 6]><style type="text/css">/*<![CDATA[*/* html #fLogoWrap img{position:relative;behavior: expression((this.runtimeStyle.behavior="none")&&(this.pngSet?this.pngSet=true:(this.nodeName == "IMG" && this.src.toLowerCase().indexOf('.png')>-1?(this.runtimeStyle.backgroundImage = "none",this.runtimeStyle.filter = "progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.AlphaImageLoader(src='" + this.src + "', sizingMethod='image')",this.src = 'http://static.dealer.com/v8/global/images/shim.gif?1178603218000'):(this.origBg = this.origBg? this.origBg :this.currentStyle.backgroundImage.toString().replace('url("','').replace('")',''),this.runtimeStyle.filter = "progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.AlphaImageLoader(src='" + this.origBg + "', sizingMethod='crop')",this.runtimeStyle.backgroundImage = "none")),this.pngSet=true));}/*]]>*/</style><![endif] Schomp Automotive 5700 S Broadway Littleton, CO 80121  Sales: (303) 798-1500  Schomp Automotive Locations BMW Schomp BMW 1190 Plum Valley Lane Highlands Ranch , CO 80129 Visit this Location Schomp Used Cars 1190 Plum Valley Lane Highlands Ranch , CO 80129 Visit this Location Honda Schomp Honda 5700 South Broadway Littleton , CO 80121 Visit this Location Schomp Used Cars 1190 Plum Valley Lane Highlands Ranch , CO 80129 Visit this Location Mini Schomp Mini 5700 S Broadway Littleton , CO 80121 Visit this Location Schomp Used Cars 1190 Plum Valley Lane Highlands Ranch , CO 80129 Visit this Location Preowned Asis Cycle  Search Inventory New Pre-Owned Certified Search by Make Search by Model Search by Location Search Loading...    Featured Vehicles 2011 BMW 3 Series Sedan $38,659 2011 BMW 3 Series Image 2011 BMW 3 Series Details 1999 Honda Accord Sedan $4,200 1999 Honda Accord Image 1999 Honda Accord Details 2011 BMW 3 Series Sedan $39,895 2011 BMW 3 Series Image 2011 BMW 3 Series Details 2012 BMW 3 Series Sedan $39,899 2012 BMW 3 Series Image 2012 BMW 3 Series Details 2004 MINI Cooper S Hatchback $14,893 2004 MINI Cooper S Image 2004 MINI Cooper S Details 2001 Nissan Sentra Sedan $4,487 2001 Nissan Sentra Image 2001 Nissan Sentra Details 1998 Toyota Camry Sedan $3,800 1998 Toyota Camry Image 1998 Toyota Camry Details 1999 Chevrolet Malibu Sedan $3,900 1999 Chevrolet Malibu Image 1999 Chevrolet Malibu Details 2011 BMW 3 Series Sedan $39,998 2011 BMW 3 Series Image 2011 BMW 3 Series Details 2013 Honda Accord Coupe $25,934 2013 Honda Accord Image 2013 Honda Accord Details Previous Next View All Latest News Schomp helps animal shelter go mobile (Littleton Independent) - What did one puppy at the Humane Society of the South Platte Valley say to the other puppy? ROAD TRIP! Ralph Schomp Honda is providing a huge boost to the center, building an "adoption-mobile" to take the pets to the people. Staff will chauffeur them to two or three adoption events every weekend through the fall at a variety of festivals, farmers markets, malls and retail outlets. "This is such an exciting opportunity for the Humane Society of the South Platte Valley," said Leslie Maisonneuve, facilities coordinator. "The partnership will help us reach out to even more folks in our community, and, in turn, allow us to find more homes for animals in need. ? As you can only imagine, we were just overwhelmed by their generosity and passion for helping the animals in our community." Schomp is also kicking in $15,000 to help sponsor community activities at HSSPV, such as training classes and lecture series on topics like animal welfare. "We are really looking forward to the partnership," said Jay Andre, Schomp's general manager. "This is a very unique opportunity that fits in well with our commitment to give back to our community. I have to say, I'm really excited about building the adoption vehicle. It will be a fun project for us, and we really believe that it will help the humane society find homes for so many more wayward animals.." top Lisa Schomp will be honored at Colorado Womens Chamber of Commerce Top 25 Gala: Recognizing Limitless Leaders Schomp Automotive is proud to report that Lisa Schomp, owner and CEO of Schomp Automotive, is among the Top 25 Most Powerful Women who will be honored at the Colorado Women's Chamber of Commerce (CWCC) Top 25 Gala on Wednesday, January 16, 2013. This sold-out event, to be held at the Four Seasons Hotel Denver, will celebrate the accomplishments of the Top 25 Women in Denver and honor the work they have done during the past 25 years. According to the CWCC, "these exceptional women have gone above and beyond and have become outstanding figures in our community". The Gala will give attendees an opportunity to recognize their limitless leadership as well as celebrate the Colorado Women's Chamber of Commerce's 25th Anniversary. Award-winning broadcasting veteran and CWCC member, Gloria Neal, will emcee The Top 25 Gala. Neal hosts the AM 760 Morning Show and is a member of the CBS4 News Team. Two tickets donated by Southwest Airlines will be given away during the evening. To view the Top 25 List in its entirety and learn more about the CWCC, visit www.cwcc.org. top BMW Unveils The i3 Series Electric Vehicle Concept The new BMW i3 Concept is a practical and intelligent city car which produces zero local emissions. The vehicle combines space, intelligent and efficient electronics, a myriad of renewable raw materials and a powerful eDrive system. BMW i "is about the development of visionary vehicles and mobility services, inspiring design, and a new premium perception strongly guided by sustainability." The concept is based around renewable materials and includes the use of leather, wood, wool, and natural fibers. The wood used for the instruments is sourced from European forests sustainably managed and treated using natural materials. The BMW iLife design is paving the way for electric car technology of the future. Designed to meet the specific challenges facing city driving today. Incorporating use of innovative materials like lightweight carbon-fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP). BMW i concept is not only changing design but it is also innovating their approach to service aimed at meeting customers' requirements for electric vehicles. Customers who choose a BMW i will get a complete product and service package. This all-inclusive 360&#176; ELECTRIC package will combine the high levels of everyday reliability, convenience and flexibility with the added advantages of electric mobility. The 360&#176; ELECTRIC is based on four pillars: home charging, public charging, guaranteed mobility and, lastly, integration with mobility concepts to help overcome range restrictions. top Great News for Colorado Drivers! MINI Countryman Gets All-Wheel Drive An enhanced and improved MINI Countryman will be rolled out in November. The best news for Schomp MINI's Rocky Mountain region customers is that the ALL4 All-Wheel Drive system - now standard on the MINI John Cooper Works Countryman - will also be an option on the MINI Cooper S Countryman. MINI ALL4 All-Wheel-Drive is just one of the extensive enhancements on offer. Also included: Newly designed rings around the Center Speedo and four air vents will come in Carbon Black with an inner ring in high-gloss black or in chrome as part ofthe Chrome Line Interior option New door insert design that will enhance ambiance, comfort and practicality. Remodeled door armrests for greater comfort New full control panel integrated into driver's-side armrest that includes power window controls, deactivation function for rear window controls andexterior window adjustment Larger storage compartment below center console Standard three-set rear bench can be switched at no cost for two individual seats New paint color options: Brilliant Copper Metallic and Blazing Red Metallic Restructured equipment packages, facilitating easier customization to reflect owner's tastes There are three engine options for the MINI Countryman: 1.6 liter, four-cylinder MINI Cooper engine with 121hp Turbocharged MINI Cooper S engine with 181hp Sporty, turbocharged MINI John Cooper Works Countryman with 208hp and ALL4 All-Wheel Drive. All models are available with six-speed automatic gearbox or standard six-speed manual.Either way, you'll have maximum driving fun and superb fuel economy. The AWD MINI Cooper S Countryman will be on Schomp MINI's showroom floor soon, so stop by and take a test drive. top Honda showcases 2013 Accords at SEMA! Denver - Honda and Acura are looking to make waves at the 2012 SEMA show in Las Vegas, bringing a range of customized and tuned vehicles to the show floor. The redesigned 2013 Accord coupe and sedan are prominently featured at the Honda display, while Acura shows off the performance potential of the new 2013 ILX sedan . Read more: http://www.autoweek.com/article/20121030/sema/121039993#ixzz2AtOI0lPQ top Annual Schomp Automotive Sale nets $11,600 for Children's Hospital Colorado Burn Program (Pictured left to right - Brian Briscoe, Jim Biner, Mark Osborne, Jay Andre, Aaron Wallace) Aaron Wallace, fourth generation owner of Schomp Automotive, recently presented a check for $11,600 to the Burn Unit staff at Children's Hospital Colorado. The funds were generated during Schomp's 22 nd Annual Children's Hospital Colorado Sale, held July 23 through 28 at Schomp Honda, Schomp MINI Cooper and Schomp BMW. Since 1990, Schomp has raised almost $285,000 for the Children's Colorado Burn Program, established more than 30 years ago to treat all aspects of a burn or skin injury in babies, kids and teens, including rehabilitation and scar reconstruction. Schomp's affiliation with the renowned pediatric hospital began in 1986 with the first Ralph Schomp Antique Fire Apparatus Show and Muster. Longtime Schomp employee, Jim Biner, had found a 1941 American LaFrance fire engine and persuaded Aaron's grandfather, Ralph Schomp, to allow him and a group of dedicated volunteers to restore it for community parades. Jim soon got involved with Mile High Hook &amp; Ladder, the Colorado Chapter of SPAAMFAA (Society for the Preservation and Appreciation of Motorized Fire Apparatus of America), an organization comprised of fire truck collectors and active and retired firefighters. The club, which had been searching for a venue to show off their rigs, obtained Mr. Schomp's approval to stage a fire truck parade and muster at Ralph Schomp Automotive and unanimously agreed upon the Children's Hospital Colorado Burn Program as its logical designated charity. In its inaugural year, proceeds from the muster funded a specialized spray table designed to minimize the pain endured by young burn patients. For several years, the dealership closed on one Saturday each July and employees cleared its lots of automobiles to host a fire truck parade, pancake breakfast, musical entertainment, fire safety demonstrations, junior firefighter games, a medical helicopter landing, an automobile extrication by Littleton Fire Rescue, and displays of handsomely restored antique fire trucks and modern, state-of-the-art fire rescue apparatus. The muster eventually outgrew the dealership grounds and is now staged at Arapahoe Community College. In 1990, Schomp established the Children's Hospital Colorado Sale, which has become the dealership's most significant and emotion-driven sale of the year. Questions or comments: Carla Finn, Marketing Director - 719.671.7411 , carla.finn@schomp.com top 2013 Honda Accord Adds Thousands of Dollars in New Standard Features 2013 Honda Accord Adds Thousands of Dollars in New Standard Featureswith an MSRP Starting Under $22,000 Pricing for all-new Accord remainsconsistent with outgoingmodel TORRANCE, Calif., Sept. 10, 2012 - The dynamicall-new 2013 Honda AccordSedan will debut at U.S. dealers nationwideon September 19, with a manufacturer'ssuggested retail price (MSRP)ranging from $21,680 for the well-equipped Accord LX to$33,430 forthe luxurious Accord Touring model, plus a destination andhandlingcharge 1 of $790 per vehicle. The AccordCoupe will go on sale October 15 with amanufacturer's suggested retailprice (MSRP) starting at $23,350 for the sporty LX-Smodel plus adestination and handling charge 1 . The all-new Accord adds thousands of dollars worthof standard features and technologieswith average pricing across the sedan lineup increasing by less than $300.The price of the most popular Accord LX (4-cylinder) trim is up byonly $200. The 2013 Honda Accord has been fully redesignedfrom the ground up to deliver new levels of refinement, sophistication, fuelefficiency and fun-to-drive performance inthe midsize segment. Everynew Accord is equipped with alloy wheels, and standardfeatures nowalso include a rearview camera, an Expanded View Driver'sMirror,Bluetooth &#174; HandsFreeLink &#174; ,USB/iPod &#174; integration, Pandora &#174; internetradiocompatibility, SMS text message function, dual-zone automaticclimate control, and a160-watt AM/FM/CD audio system. "The 2013 Accord excels in all areas withsophisticated design, a luxurious interior,world-class dynamic performance, class-leading standard featuresand legendary Honda quality, all at atremendous value for the customer," said John Mendel, executive vice president of sales,American Honda Motor Co. Inc., "2012 is theyear of the midsizesedan, and the new Accord will once again solidify Honda's positionatthe head of the pack." New to the Accord Sedan lineup for 2013 are theSport and Touring models. The Accord Sporttargets younger buyers with the addition of 18-inch alloy wheels,fog lights,10-way power driver's seats, a decklidspoiler, dual chrome exhaust finishers, paddle shifters (on CVT models), a stiffer towerstrut bar and exclusive suspension andsteering tuning. Positionedbetween the Accord LX and Accord EX, the Sport model isequipped withthe 2.4-liter direct-injected all-aluminumVTEC &#174; engine paired to eithera6-speed manual or Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT). TheSport model isvalue priced with a manufacturer's suggested retailprice (MSRP) of $23,390 plus adestination and handlingcharge 1 . The luxuriousand technology-packed Accord Touring is equipped witha powerful V-6engine and 6-speed automatic transmission. Equipped with Honda's firstapplication of LED headlights and Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC), the AccordTouringsedan is priced with a manufacturer's suggested retail price(MSRP) of $33,430 plus adestination and handling charge 1 . The 2013 Accordlineup is powered by a wide array of new EarthDreams&#8482; powertrains, which includes the firstU.S. application of Honda's next-generation 2.4-literdirect-injectedVTEC 4-cylinder engine. The 2013 Accord Sedan and Coupe willalsooffer a more powerful and efficient Earth Dreams VTEC V-6. Threetransmissions areavailable, including the first-ever application of acontinuously variable transmission(CVT) on 2.4-liter 4-cylindermodels, a six-speed automatic on V-6 models, and 6-speedmanualtransmissions on 2.4-liter 4-cylinder models and the 3.5-liter V-6 Coupe. The2013 Accord successfully balances fun-to-drive performance withfuel efficiency. Accord Sedan 4-cylinder modelspaired to the CVT earn an impressive 27/36/30mpg 2 city/highway/combined EPA fuel economyratings (an increase of 3/2/3mpg compared to the previous model) andthe V-6 models achieve class-leading EPAfuel economy ratings of21/34/25 city/highway/combined mpg 2 (anincrease of 1/4/1compared to the previous model) making it the mostfuel-efficient gasoline-poweredvehicle in the V-6 midsize sedanclass. Other new Accord technologies include the firstapplication of the all-new cloudbased HondaLink&#8482; system featuring Aha&#8482;, whichlets drivers put away their smartphones andstill stay connected to the people, music and social media theylove.Also debuting on the 2013 Accord is Honda LaneWatch&#8482; blind-spotdisplay, whichuses a camera integrated with the passenger-side mirrorand the vehicle's 8-inch colordisplay to provide for an enhanced viewof the passenger-side roadway. LaneWatch isstandard equipment on EXand above versions of the Sedan, and EX-L versions oftheCoupe. Celebrating 30 years of Accord production in theUnited States, the all-new 2013 Hondarepresents the expanding capabilities of Honda in North America. The Accordisproduced by Honda of America Mfg. Inc. in Marysville, Ohio, usingdomestic andglobally sourced parts. Its engines are produced at Hondaplants in Anna, Ohio and thetransmissions are produced at RussellsPoint, Ohio, and in Tallapoosa, Georgia. TheMarysville Auto Plantearned a Silver Plant Quality Award from J.D. Power andAssociates inits 2012 Initial Quality Study. The 2013 Honda Accord is covered by a3-year/36,000-mile Limited Vehicle Warranty, a 5-year/60,000-mile Powertrain LimitedWarranty, and a 5-year/unlimitedmile Corrosion LimitedWarranty. Additional media information including detailedpricing features and high-resolution photographyof the 2013 Accord isavailable at www.hondanews.com. Consumerinformation is availableatautomobiles.honda.com. Connect with Honda: MediaNewsroom (for journalists):http://www.hondanews.com/channels/honda-automobiles-accord Forconsumers: http://automobiles.honda.com/accord/ YouTube:www.youtube.com/honda Flickr:www.flickr.com/hondanews Twitter:www.twitter.com/honda Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/HondaAccord Pinterest:http://pinterest.com/honda/ On Google+:https://plus.google.com/+honda 1 MSRP excluding tax, license,registration, $790 destination charge and options. Dealer prices mayvary. 2 Based on 2013 EPA ratingsestimates. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will varydepending on how you drive and maintain yourvehicle. &#174; The Bluetooth word mark and logos are owned byBluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such marks by Honda Motor Co., Ltdisunderlicense. &#174; iPod is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc. Allrights reserved. iPod notincluded. &#174; Pandora, the Pandora logo and other Pandora marks aretrademarks or registered trademarks of Pandora Media, Inc. or itssubsidiariesworldwide. top The New 2013 BMW M5: NOW at Schomp BMW in Denver! BMW opens a new dimension in performance, power and luxury with the 4.4 liter, 560-hp M TwinPower Turbo M5, available now at Schomp BMW. It's Powerful - Like the sound of zero-to-60 mph in 3.7 seconds? How 'bout a quarter mile in 12 seconds, as reported in Car &amp; Driver's initial review? We thought so. The 2013 BMW M5 is the perfect, uncompromising marriage of racetrack-ready high performance and street-safe luxury sedan. It's Efficient - The 2013 M5's high-rev eight-cylinder M TwinPower Turbo with Valvetronic throttle-less intake technology, High Precision Injection and twin-scroll turbocharging technologies provide better performance with less consumption, meaning fewer carbon emissions. The seven-speed M Double-Clutch Transmission provides maximum control and precision. Brake Energy Regeneration captures kinetic energy generated by the brakes and stores it in the battery for later use, also lowering emissions. And the Auto Start-Stop Function saves gas and emissions by turning off the engine when the M5 isn't moving. It's Safe - Two front-suspension strut towers connect to the chassis buy aluminum suspension cross-brace stiffening the front of the car and increasing stability and steering precision. That's combined with the precision M compound disc braking system that eliminates fading. The 2013 BMW M5's Active M Differential gives better traction and stability even on slippery and uneven surfaces. The M Servotronic Power Steering dynamically adapts steering to speed, whether taking a curve at top speed or parking. It's Flexible - The driver can use M Drive buttons to set the "mood" of the car, adjusting engine and throttle, steering, suspension and display. You choose your driving style and the M5 adjusts - as many as 125 different configurations. It's Luxurious ... and Sensual - The 2013 BMW M5 is where form meets function, pulchritude meets performance. The athletic exterior is sculpted to be aerodynamically and sensually superior. From the tapered front that effortlessly cuts the atmosphere to curved M mirrors, rear spoiler, diffuser and twin double tailpipes, the M5's BMW racing heritage is apparent. The interior is the perfect marriage of sports car with luxury sedan. M seats keep driver and up to four passengers comfortably secure with molded side support. As a sedan, the M5 is more spacious than a sports car, but the rough Nappa leather steering wheel and M-color stitched leather upholstery echo its racing roots. It's You - Leather upholstery, doorsill finishes in aluminum or polished dark ash provide the air of sedan luxury BMW is known for. Choose from eight exterior colors including the M's signature Monte Carlo Blue. Standard Merino leather upholstery colors are Black, Silverstone and Sakhir Orange. The M5 also offers a level of customization never before available with " BMW Individual ." Design your own unique combination of exclusive exterior and interior colors and finishes. The 2013 BMW M5 unquestionably earns its title as The Ultimate Driving Machine. Make an appointment now to feast your senses by test-driving one at Schomp BMW in Highlands Ranch. In the meantime, take a virtual test-drive with MotorTrend's Carlos Lago . top 2012 Gen XYZ Awards ColoradoBiz magazine is proud to recognize SchompAutomotive's generous sponsorship of the third annual Gen XYZ awards,recognizing the 25 Most Influential Young Professionals in Colorado . This year's Gen XYZ event honoring the top youngprofessionals of 2012 will be held from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m., Sept. 27 at MileHigh Station. Channel 4 News' Lauren Whitney will serve as emcee, withentertainment by DJ Ripem. The event's presenting sponsor, Regis University ,will handle the evening's most suspenseful moment when it presents this year'sbest of the best -- the coveted Gen XYZ top five. Schomp, a primary sponsor, will add to the night ofcocktails, hors d'oeuvres and awards with vehicle displays from BMW, Mini,Honda and Fay Myers for guests to sit in and check out. "The Gen XYZ gathering has quickly become one of the mostanticipated ? and high-energy -- events on the ColoradoBiz calendar," said BartTaylor, the magazine's publisher. "The ambition and talent this program bringstogether is an affirmation that the future of Colorado business is in great hands, and it wouldn't be possible without the support of SchompAutomotive, Regis University , and theDenver Young Professionals group, which helped us garner more than 200 Gen XYZ nomineesthis year." For more information or to RSVP for this year's Gen XYZevent, go to www.cobizmag.com/events ,or contact Daron Linton by calling (303) 662-5213 or emailing her at dlinton@cobizmag.com . top CBS News recently reported on the Love Hope Strength Foundation CBS News recently reported on the Love Hope Strength foundation and their cause to get people on their list of registered bone marrow donors to help cure cancer. Follow the link below to view the full report from CBS News http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505269_162-57492599/bone-marrow-donors-sought-at-rock-concerts/?tag=showDoorFlexGridRight%3BflexGridModule top Another happy customer at Schomp Honda's Children's Hospital Sale Thanks to all our great customers coming in during our annual Children's Hospital Sale! top Schomp Automotive Children's Hospital Sale happening now! While many Denver area dealerships typically have a "huge inventory clearance" every other week, Schomp Automotive has held just one significant sale annually - The Children's Hospital Sales Event. For the last 22 years, Schomp has raised more than $285,000 for the Children's Colorado Burn Center from proceeds generated from new and pre-owned vehicles sold at Schomp Honda and Schomp MINI, 5700 South Broadway in Littleton; and Schomp BMW, 1190 Plum Valley Lane in Highlands Ranch (Lucent Blvd. exit off C-470). Established over 30 years ago, the Children's Colorado Burn Center is the only one in the state dedicated to treating pediatric burn patients and providing burn prevention education. Schomp's partnership with Children's Colorado began with the inaugural Ralph Schomp Antique Fire Truck Muster in 1986. For several years, the dealership closed on one Saturday each July and cleared its lots of automobiles to host a fire engine parade, fire safety demonstrations, and displays of antique and modern fire rescue vehicles. Children's Colorado Burn Unit became the muster's logical designated charity. Says Aaron Wallace, son of Lisa Schomp and fourth generation owner of Schomp Automotive, "Our employees and customers take great pride in knowing that proceeds from the Children's Colorado Sales Event help fund equipment needed to treat kids suffering from devastating burn injuries." For more information, visit schomp.com or childrenscolorado.org. top Honda Named "Brand of the Year" in the 2012 Harris Poll EquiTrend&#174; Equity Study Honda is Highest Ranked Brand in "Full Line Automotive" category based on consumers' perceptions of familiarity, quality, and purchase consideration 06/25/2012 - TORRANCE, Calif. Honda has been recognized as the "Brand of the Year" in the "Full Line Automotive" category according to the 2012 Harris Poll EquiTrend&#174; study. Honda received the highest numerical Equity Score among full line automotive brands included in the 2012 Harris Poll EquiTrend&#174; study 1 . Harris Poll EquiTrend is an annual brand health assessment from Harris Interactive that surveys thousands of U.S. consumers online about their brand perceptions, measuring key touchstones including familiarity, quality and purchase consideration. "This study offers strong evidence that the Honda brand continues to be well-regarded by American consumers," said Mike Accavitti, vice president of National Marketing Operations for American Honda. "The combination of strong brand equity and a fresh line-up of new models that resonate with customers will drive strong growth for us this year." Connect with Honda: Media Newsroom (for journalists): www.hondanews.com For consumers: http://automobiles.honda.com YouTube: www.youtube.com/honda Flickr: www.flickr.com/hondanews Twitter: www.twitter.com/honda Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/Honda Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/honda/ On Google+ 1 The 2012 Harris Poll EquiTrend&#174; study was based on opinions of 38,529 U.S. consumers ages 15 and over surveyed online between January 31 and February 20, 2012. Your opinion may differ. "Highest Ranked" and "Brand of the Year" were determined by a pure ranking of a sample of full line automotive brands. top Honda Celebrates 30 Years of Manufacturing in America ... the Honda Way Honda of America Manufacturing CEO Hidenobu Iwata and other Honda managers offer an inside look at Honda's unique manufacturing model -- and how Honda manages its most valuable asset. By Josh Cable May 16, 2012 "Our company is successful only because of the involvement, expertise and passion of each associate to build the best products for our customers," declares Hidenobu Iwata, president and CEO of Honda of America Manufacturing Inc. It's a common refrain among manufacturing managers at the automaker's operations in Marysville, Ohio, where Honda Motor Co. (IW 1000/23) in 1982 became the first Japanese transplant to produce vehicles in North America. "If you think about how complex it is to manufacture a vehicle from start to finish, and how many things potentially could go wrong, it is incredible how through the entire process we're able to do it as well as we do on a consistent basis," says Jeff Tomko, plant manager at Honda Marysville. "And that's not luck. That's a concerted effort by the entire team to do it right and understand how we need to continue to improve." Indeed, Honda's approach to making vehicles -- and its approach to managing its people -- isn't a product of luck. The Honda Way, Iwata emphasizes, is built on Honda's core principles: respect for the individual, and "the three joys" (the joys of buying, selling and creating Honda's products, respectively). Hide Iwata (left), president and CEO of Honda of American Manufacturing, talks with workers at the Marysville Auto Plant. At Honda, associates of all levels "come together as equals" to solve problems, Iwata says. While such lofty, almost fanciful concepts seem like the stuff of mission statements and banners collecting dust in dark corners of factory rafters, a visit to Honda's operations in central Ohio reveals just how embedded they are in the automaker's manufacturing process. It's evident as soon as you walk in the front door of the Marysville Auto Plant, where all 4,400 associates wear white uniforms -- just as they do at Honda's other facilities around the world. That applies to everyone, emphasizes Ron Lietzke, assistant manager of media relations and corporate affairs for Honda of America Manufacturing, "whether you're the president, or in support like I am, or in the factory -- on the line or not on the line." The white uniform, Lietzke explains, is a means of leveling the playing field, so to speak, in the spirit of continuous improvement. "When there is a production problem, or an initiative to implement a new production method, many teams come together to work on the project as equals," Iwata adds. They come together on the factory floor, and in other settings such as Y-gaya meetings, which are designed to encourage participants to voice their opinions regardless of rank or position. John Spoltman, chief engineer and plant manager at Honda's Anna Engine Plant -- about 45 miles west of Marysville -- says he holds almost-weekly Y-gaya meetings to address important questions, issues and concerns. Participants are instructed to leave their titles at the door. "And you just discuss and work through an issue, and no one leads or tries to steer the meeting in one direction because of their title," Spoltman says. "So it's a free-thinking discussion." In his interactions with other associates, Spoltman emphasizes that "everybody has the same and equal voice." "There are no assigned parking spots and no individual offices," Spoltman says. "Everyone eats in the same cafeteria. There's no assigned seating anywhere." Respect for the individual was espoused by company founder Soichiro Honda, who believed that an egalitarian culture is a problem-solving culture. More than 20 years after Mr. Honda's death, the philosophy plays a fundamental role in Honda's global business model, in which each region -- North America is one of six for the company -- has the autonomy to develop and manufacture products for its own region, Lietzke explains. "Each plant has responsibility to manage its own business," Lietzke says. "You have to do it within the parameters of achieving certain quality levels and so forth, and having some shared processes [to drive economies of scale]. "But Honda's approach is to rely on the associates to figure out things for themselves and to improve their workplace." How much does Honda trust its employees? At the Marysville Auto Plant -- which makes all of the Accord sedans and coupes sold in the United States -- the assembly line runs on one conveyor system. "Whereas a lot of plants are set up where they have a series of conveyors and buffer zones, so if there's a line stop, they can absorb it," says Rob May, associate chief engineer at the Marysville plant. "But not on this line. It's one continuous chain from start to finish." Tim Reisinger, senior staff engineer and assembly department manager for the Marysville Auto Plant, adds: "Our intensity level has to be very high." "And there has to be a lot of teamwork, because anybody on that assembly line can cause it to shut down," Reisinger says. "Any kind of an issue an associate has, we react to it very quickly." Associates Are the Experts Iwata, who oversees more than 10,000 associates at three Honda plants in Ohio as well as Honda's manufacturing and engineering functions in North America, emphasizes that Honda's production workers "are the experts at the manufacturing process." The new-model-changeover process is a prime example. "When we retool for a new model, we pull process-level people offline and they basically lay out the process [flows and standards]," May explains. "And then as we run trials, they evaluate the process to make sure that it's as ergonomically sound as it can be, and it has all of the quality features in place." Getting production workers involved in the development and tooling phases, May says, "has made our products much easier to manufacture." "We end up with vehicles that are higher quality, and there's less stress on the associate physically," May adds. The Great Recession was a huge source of stress on the U.S. auto industry, not to mention the hundreds of thousands of autoworkers who were downsized. Honda, however, stuck to its no-layoff policy. To this day, Honda maintains that it has never had any layoffs in North America -- dating back to 1959, when it opened its first U.S. office. During periods of downtime, some Honda employees reported to work and participated in continuous-improvement projects, while others took advantage of Honda's no-pay/no-penalty policy, which allows them to stay home without pay and without any damage to their attendance record. When last year's natural disasters in Japan and Thailand disrupted the flow of parts to Honda facilities, the Marysville plant used the idle time to repair equipment and train workers, "knowing that when we do go back up, we're going to go back up fairly quickly," Tomko says. Plant management also used the downtime of the past few years as an opportunity to improve communication with employees. "We communicate a lot at Honda," Iwata says, "so that our associates understand our business condition." In the wake of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy and the ensuing financial crisis in late 2008, Honda -- like most other automakers -- faced mounting inventories of vehicles. "So we educated our team about what inventories mean, and what a desired amount of inventory is -- which is 45 to 60 days by vehicle out in the market," Tomko says. "And we were running, in some cases, 200-plus days when nobody was buying cars." Such information has helped associates "see that linkage of how important their daily job is to the big picture," Tomko adds. "As a result of this common understanding," Iwata says, "they know that if they can improve our operations, their plant is more competitive, and as a result their jobs are more secure." http://industryweek.com/articles/honda_celebrates_30_years_of_manufacturing_in_america_---_the_honda_way_27352.aspx?Page=5?ShowAll=1 top Honda Boasts Three Of The Top Four Most-Visited New Cars On Kbb.com During Q1 2012 Mirroring Sales Statistics, Honda's New CR-V, Civic, Accord among Most Popular Models with Shoppers on Kbb.com IRVINE, Calif., May 24, 2012 / PRNewswire / -- Kelley Blue Book, the leading provider of new car and used car information, today reveals that Honda had three out of the four most-visited new cars during the first quarter of 2012 on its top-rated website, www.kbb.com . The Honda CR-V was the most-shopped new vehicle on Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com during Q1 2012, with the Civic taking No. 2 and Accord following at No. 4 during the same time period. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20111102/AQ99077LOGO ) "With the recent redesign of Honda's CR-V, the brand hit a home run among in-market new-car shoppers garnering more traffic than any other new car on kbb.com during the first quarter of the year," said Akshay Anand, market intelligence web analyst for Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. "Creating popular new product supported by witty and engaging marketing efforts, Honda clearly resonates strongly with consumers." In-market new-car shoppers have taken a strong liking to the CR-V crossover thanks to its favorable recent redesign combined with increased visibility attributed to popular advertising, such as the 'Ferris Bueller'-themed TV spot airing during the Super Bowl in February. In addition to its most-shopped status on kbb.com, the new CR-V also captured the No. 1 spot in compact crossover sales during Q1 2012. The fuel-sipping Civic, also redesigned for 2012, undoubtedly benefitted from a spike in gas prices during the first quarter of the year. The hot-selling compact model also has been supported by steady advertising for its sporty Si version and technology-laden EX-L trim . The Civic holds the top spot in Q1 2012 sales in the highly competitive compact segment, besting the also-redesigned Ford Focus, Chevrolet Cruze, Hyundai Elantra and Volkswagen Jetta by a healthy margin. The Accord, a perennial highly shopped stalwart, has benefitted from recent increased buzz surrounding mid-size cars. With many popular new designs hitting the mid-size class this year, including a forthcoming Accord redesign slated for fall and other hot-selling models with redesigns this year including Toyota Camry, Ford Fusion and Nissan Altima, the popular sedan segment is experiencing a renaissance. The current-generation Accord continues to show impressive sales numbers even before the debut of its redesign later this year, outselling the popular new Hyundai Sonata and Kia Optima while staying close on the heels of segment leader Camry in April 2012. "Once the redesigned Accord arrives later this year, we could see a shakeup in the mid-size sedan category, especially as the competition heats up with the arrival of a redesigned Altima and Fusion," said Alec Gutierrez, senior market analyst of automotive insights for Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. "Boasting three of the top 10 best-selling cars during the first quarter of 2012 combined with mirrored interest from scores of new-car shoppers on kbb.com, Honda is poised for continued success this year." Other popular Honda models placing among the top 50 most-visited new cars on kbb.com during Q1 2012 include the Odyssey at No. 24, Pilot at No. 28 and Fit at No. 45. The redesigned Toyota Camry reached No. 2, and Hyundai's popular Sonata climbed to No. 5, to round out the top five most-visited new cars on Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com during Q1 2012. For more information and news from Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com, visit www.kbb.com/media/ , follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kelleybluebook (or @kelleybluebook), or like our page on Facebook at www.facebook.com/kbb . About Kelley Blue Book ( www.kbb.com ) Founded in 1926, Kelley Blue Book, The Trusted Resource&#174;, is the only vehicle valuation and information source trusted and relied upon by both consumers and the industry. Each week the company provides the most market-reflective values in the industry on its top-rated website www.kbb.com , including its famous Blue Book&#174; Trade-In and Suggested Retail Values and Fair Purchase Price, which reports what others are paying for new cars this week. The company also provides vehicle pricing and values through various products and services available to car dealers, auto manufacturers, finance and insurance companies as well as governmental agencies. Kbb.com provides consumer pricing and information on minivans , pickup trucks , sedan , hybrids , electric cars , and SUVs . Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com ranked highest in its category for brand equity and was named Online Auto Shopping Brand of the Year by the 2012 Harris Poll EquiTrend&#174; study. Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of AutoTrader.com. SOURCE Kelley Blue Book http://mediaroom.kbb.com/honda-boasts-most-visited-new-cars-2012 top New John Cooper Works GP is the Fastest Production Mini Ever, Laps the 'Ring in 8:23 We heard about, talked about it, and even took a few spy pictures of it , and now the time has cone for the official reveal: the all-new Mini John Cooper Works GP special. Dubbed as the fastest production Mini in history, the new John Cooper Works GP lapped the N&#252;rburgring -Nordschleife in a very impressive 8 minutes and 23 seconds, which makes it about 19 seconds faster than the previous generation JCW GP model that sported a 1.6-liter force-fed unit with 210hp and 180 lb-ft (244Nm) of peak torque. The British company won't say yet how many ponies are hiding under the second generation JCW GP's hood, but rumor has it the 1.6-liter twin-scroll turbocharged engine has been tweaked to deliver 220- to 230-horses. Mini says it has reworked the entire chassis with the upgrades including an adjustable sports suspension, four-spoke lightweight alloys, race-spec brakes and tires, plus new aerodynamic parts such as larger front and rear aprons, bespoke side skirts and roof spoiler, and a newly developed rear diffuser. We do not get any pictures of the interior but like its predecessor, the new GP loses the rear seat bench to trim weight. The sportiest variant of the Mini hatchback series will go on sale later this year in a limited run of 2,000 cars worldwide. Aside from the hatchback, our spies have also captured Mini testing a GP version of the Coupe, which should be revealed towards the end of the year or in early 2013. top Linkin Park and Incubus Co-Headline 2012 Honda Civic Tour 04/16/2012 - TORRANCE, Calif. Honda announced today that multi-platinum alternative rock bands Linkin Park and Incubus will be co-headlining the 2012 Honda Civic Tour . The tour will kick off August 11th in Bristow, Virginia at the Jiffy Lube Live amphitheatre. In addition to the two headliners, the Civic Tour will also feature the Grammy&#174;-nominated electrorock band Mutemath . Tickets go on-sale to the general public the weekend of April 27, but those who pre-order the new Linkin Park album, "Living Things" through their website will be able to buy tickets for the tour beginning April 24. Additionally, Linkin Park fan club members will be able to buy tickets starting April 23 and will have the opportunity to gain early access to the venues and are eligible for meet and greets with the band. Now entering its 11th year, the Honda Civic Tour has provided music fans with an amazing concert experience at an affordable price. Continuing a Civic Tour tradition, fans will have an opportunity to check out Linkin Park's customized and autographed Honda Civic Si Coupe and Honda CBR250R motorcycle, which will be displayed at every tour stop. For pre-sale information, "like" the Honda Civic Tour Facebook page and visit www.hondacivictour.com to receive tour news, sign up for email updates and see the entire Civic Tour schedule. Honda Civic Tour Dates : United States: 8/11 Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live* 8/12 Uncasville, CT @ Mohegan Sun Arena* 8/14 Boston, MA @ Comcast Center 8/17 Camden, NJ @ Susquehana Bank Center 8/19 Atlanta, GA @ Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre 8/21 Detroit, MI @ The Palace 8/22 Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center 8/24 Chicago, IL @ First Midwest Bank 8/25 Indianapolis, IN @ Klipsch Music Center 8/27 Dallas, TX @ Gexa Energy Center 8/28 Houston, TX @ Cynthia Woods Pavillion 8/30 Denver, CO @ Comfort Dental Amphitheatre 9/5 Tacoma, WA @ Tacoma Dome 9/7 Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre 9/10 San Diego, CA @ Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre *Incubus will not appear at this event About the Honda Civic One of the best-selling compact cars in the United States, the Civic features a lineup of six distinct models: the conventional gasoline-powered Civic Sedan and Civic Coupe, two high-performance Civic Si models, gasoline-electric Civic Hybrid, the Civic Natural Gas and Civic HF high fuel economy model. The Civic lineup embodies the Honda brand values of 'clean, safe and fun' with two Civic models achieving EPA-estimated fuel economy ratings1 of over 40 mpg on the highway. The Civic sedan has earned top safety ratings from NHTSA and a 'TOP SAFETY PICK' designation from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS). Now in its ninth-generation, the Civic remains one of the most fun-to-drive compact cars on the road today. 1 Based on 2012 EPA mileage estimates. Use for comparison purposes only. Do not compare to models before 2008. Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. 2 MSRP excluding tax, license, registration, $750.00 destination charge and options. Dealer prices may vary. For high-resolution photos, broadcast quality video and media information of the entire 2012 Civic lineup visit: www.hondanews.com . For photos and more info on the Honda Civic Tour, visit;: marketingfactory.com/hondacivictour . Connect with Honda: Newsroom (for journalists): www.hondanews.com Website: http:civictour.honda.com Facebook: www.facebook.com/hondacivictour YouTube: www.youtube.com/honda Flickr: www.flickr.com/hondanews Twitter: www.twitter.com/honda Connect with Linkin Park and Incubus: www.lpunderground.com www.incubushq.com Band PR Contacts;: Linkin Park &amp; Honda Civic Tour ? Kymm Britton kymmbritton@me.com (310) 656-5900 Incubus ? Joe Lilak, Ren Management joe@renmanagement.com (310)271-7120 top Honda Fit scores with family judges in Subcompact Shootout These days, they are focusing on re-establishing their careers. The married couple from Culver City , Calif., has no plans to start a family, catering instead to a pair of cats. They actually are very much the kind of people who buy small, entry-level cars, like those showcased in the Cars.com/USA TODAY $16,000 Subcompact Shootout. Robyn, 27, an audio technician, and Erik, 40, an illustrator, took turns behind the wheel of each of the seven contenders and came away with strong opinions, even though they aren't car shopping. They are delighted with the 1995 Toyota Avalon sedan they currently share. In the end, they settled on the Honda Fit hatchback as their clear favorite for its power, comfort and visibility. They chose it despite being initially turned off by its snout, which Erik described as "insect-looking." Their twin dogs were the Kia Rio - which they found noisy, rough and sluggish - and Nissan Versa , which seemed cheap. They judged Versa, the cheapest car in the Shootout, not a value, even at a price some $3,000 below the rivals. They faulted the steering, ride and brake response. "You get what you pay for. It doesn't feel like you're getting a new car," Erik said. Erik's putdown for the Rio and Versa: "If someone gave me one of those two cars, I would trade it in for a motorcycle." Rio's corporate sibling, the Hyundai Accent , elicited little response from him: "a nice car but not spectacular." Among the others, the two Detroit models fared well: They generally liked a lot about the Ford Fiesta and Chevrolet's new Sonic. Erik liked the motorcycle-like features of the Sonic, such as its dashboard display. Robyn appreciated the ease with which she could use her MP3 player. As for the Fiesta, she said, "They want you to forget that it's a Ford." Robyn liked the acceleration and handling more in the Chevy. In the Fiesta, she said, "I don't feel like the car is hugging the road like the last one." The Toyota Yaris didn't evoke much response. Although it's one of the newer models, they knocked it as feeling dated. By contrast, they thought the Honda Fit could do little wrong during their drive. "As soon as you sit in it and drive it, you feel at home," Erik said. And Robyn said it surprised her: "It is not normally a car that I would consider." She gave strong marks for overall value, and a backhanded compliment: "It's still ugly, but it's a great car." top Sporty Luxury Sedan Comparison - BMW The More Things Change: Eight Contenders Vie For Sport Sedan Supremacy 1ST PLACE: BMW 328i Sport Line 2ND PLACE: Volvo S60 T5 3RD PLACE: Mercedes-Benz C250 4TH PLACE : 2012 Audi A4 Quattro 5TH PLACE: 2011 Lexus IS 250 F-Sport 6TH PLACE: 2012 Acura TSX V-6 7TH PLACE: 2012 Infiniti G25 8TH PLACE : Buick Regal GS 1ST PLACE: BMW 328i Sport Line That's First Place With a Competition-Killing Bullet By: Jonny Lieberman I want to talk about the big albatross hanging around the new 328i's neck right up front: price. This car rings the bell to the tune of $50,560, by far the highest as-tested price of the competition. Shock! Horror! You all will cancel your subscriptions en masse, or say stuff like, "Of course the most expensive car won, get a brain, moran," etc. However, the Bimmer came straight from the U.S. launch of the 3 Series loaded with every option possible. Using BMW's online configurator, you can spec out a mechanically identical 328i Sport Line for $41,095 that would have beat up and choked out the competition just like the one in our test did. As mentioned, we sat around screaming at each other for over an hour trying to determine if the Buick was in fact a lamer duck than the Infiniti. We spent all of three minutes declaring the BMW best in test and best in class. This is not just a win for the 328i - it's a massacre. A slaughter. Doomsday. Armageddon. I say this with a straight face: There is no competition. Not only was the BMW's first-place finish never in question, I can't remember a comparison test with such lopsided results. We had a hard time finding bad things to say. Aside from the as-tested price (see above!), the worst anyone could come up with is that the new 2.0-liter twin-scroll I-4 sounds like a diesel. But, as Evans logs, "That's hardly a complaint," and you only hear the clatter-clatter-clatter at idle. Let's call it the sound of efficiency. The BMW was the fastest car here (0-60 mph in 5.6 seconds and through the quarter in 14.2 at 97.8 mph), beating even the AWD Audi. The 328i rode the best, had the best steering and transmission, is the only car here with start/stop technology, gets a class-leading 36 mpg highway, has the best-laid-out interior, is the most comfortable, has an unbelievable nav screen, and, to top it all off, has the biggest back seat. Ultimately -- and this cuts right through the heart of the sport sedan segment -- the BMW was without question the most fun to drive. A sampling from our notebooks. Kiino: "Does everything well. The epitome of a luxury sport sedan." Evans: "What a car. There really isn't anything this car does wrong." Jurnecka: "Last week I was telling a buddy that there isn't a single new BMW I'd even consider buying. I was wrong. I'd buy this car." Martinez: "Seriously, where's the M badge?" Nishimoto: "BMW does what it does best with this new 328, and thus the bar is raised yet again." And from me, "They picked the appellation F30 for a reason. Like the E30, the new 328i is the ideal blend of engine, transmission, and chassis." Folks, I'm awed. In full, glaring, retina-searing contrast, this BMW wins this competition because it does everything better than the rest. For now, all the competition can do is head back to their drawing boards. Like I said before, I'm shocked. top THE CORPORATE GROWTH AWARD WINNERS ANNOUNCED for the 10TH ANNUAL ROCKY MOUNTAIN CORPORATE GROWTH CONFERENCE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 23, 2012 (Denver, CO) ? ACG Denver proudly announces the winners of the 2012 Corporate Growth Awards, which will be presented at the Rocky Mountain Corporate Growth Conference on March 13th and 14th at the Inverness Hotel. Schomp Automotive won the Outstanding Corporate Growth Award and Alpine Waste &amp; Recycling was named winner of the Emerging Corporate Growth Award. The Outstanding Corporate Growth Award Winner, Schomp Automotive, established itself early on as one of the top family-owned and operated car dealership groups in the Denver area. Schomp's main focus is to build strong relationships with each of their customers and always ensure honesty, integrity and ethics are at the backbone of their company. Schomp Automotive has supported a variety of community causes over the last 70 years. A significant percentage of the company's marketing dollars are earmarked for public education, Colorado State Patrol's "Alive at 25" safe driving program, The Children's Hospital Burn Unit, and the Schomp BMW Denver Polo Classic benefiting the Active 20-30 Children's Foundation to name a few. The Emerging Corporate Growth Award Winner, Alpine Waste &amp; Recycling, is a Colorado owned and operated company founded in 1999. Alpine began with a simple premise, to provide an unprecedented level of service in the waste collection industry. Following this principle, Alpine has grown from a single truck company to the largest independent waste and recycling hauler in the Denver-Metro area. This growth is a result of the patronage of citizens and businesses of Colorado, and in turn Alpine is committed to giving back to the community. Striving to continue to meet the demands of the community, Alpine has evolved into an industry leader in recycling initiatives. In 2007, Alpine opened the Altogether Recycling Plant. Only the second of its kind in Colorado, this facility has dramatically changed the recycling landscape, creating an additional outlet and competitive market for recyclable materials. Further cementing Alpine's role as a leader in sustainability initiatives, Alpine is the only company in Denver to offer commercial compost collectionservices. The ACG-Denver Corporate Growth Awards program is designed to acknowledge exceptional innovators and leaders within the ACG community. Each year, ACG-Denver selects nominees from its chapter for the ACG Outstanding Corporate Growth and ACG Emerging Company Awards. This year's conference will focus on helping middle-market companies achieve growth in the face of an ever changing and challenging marketplace under the theme: "Leading Resilient Growth" The two-day event will provide area business leaders the chance to share ideas during panel discussions, make valuable connections with leading business professionals, and discover new opportunities for growth. For more information on the conference, visit www.rcmcgc.com or follow event developments by becoming a member of the Rocky Mountain Corporate Growth Conference's LinkedIn Group, a sub-group of ACG Denver . Registration for the event is open and early bird rates are available through February 1st. About ACG Founded in 1954, the Association for Corporate Growth (ACG) is a global association for professionals involved in corporate growth, corporate development, and mergers and acquisitions. Today ACG stands at more than 12,000 members from corporations, private equity, finance, and professional service firms representing Fortune 500, Fortune 1000, FTSE 100, and mid-market companies in 53 chapters in North America and Europe. ACG-Denver was awarded Chapter of the Year in 2007. About the Rocky Mountain Corporate Growth Conference The Rocky Mountain Corporate Growth Conference is ACG Denver's annual premier event. ACG Denver members volunteer to spearhead this gathering of the Rocky Mountain Region's most venerable business leaders. For more information, please visit www.rmcgc.com or contact: Contact: Kate Eggers Title: Marketing Committee Chair Telephone: (303) 265-7826 Mobile: (720) 841-1555 E-mail: kate.eggers@cliftoncpa.com top German Icons: 2012 BMW 328i The sixth generation of the BMW 3-series arrives this February in the United States - in sedan form, at least - and it's safe to say that the biggest question on the mind of most enthusiasts is: did BMW screw it up? That is the key question, in part because BMW has shown a penchant for messing with things that didn't need to be messed with. From matters as big as its exterior designs with "flame surfacing" and the replacing of dedicated buttons and switches with iDrive, to ones as small as ditching the mechanical turn-signal-stalk switch for an electronic one, BMW has demonstrated that it sometimes does not know when to leave well enough alone. It is also a question because the outgoing 3-series is not a car that was crying out for improvement. In fact, most of us would say that, even at the advanced age of six years, the current-generation 3-series is still the most desirable car in its class. Witness its appearance, yet again, on Automobile Magazine's All-Stars list for 2012. The chief reason that the 3 continues to win accolades is the way that it drives. A glance at the specs of the new car, however, provides some reason for apprehension. The new 3 is larger, the iconic normally aspirated straight-six engine in the 328i has been replaced with a turbocharged four-cylinder, and the steering switches from hydraulic to electric assist. Those are all changes that can affect the delicate formula for a near-perfect sport sedan, even for a company with as much experience at it as BMW. At least the design of the new 3-series (the F30, to BMW fetishists) is unlikely to put many people off, as it hews closely to the previous car. The most noteworthy -- and strangest -- element is the way the headlamps bleed into the grille. Other less-controversial aspects of the design include a hood that dips down toward the front (helping to achieve a 0.26 Cd) and the slight forward lean of the twin-kidney grilles, which hasn't been seen since the E30 3-series of the 1980s. Compared with the outgoing (E90) sedan, the new version has grown by 3.7 inches in length and the wheelbase has been stretched 2.0 inches. That means the car's trademark ultrashort overhangs have become slightly longer, by approximately one inch at both ends. The width, at least, was held in check (actually decreasing fractionally), and yet the front and rear tracks are both more than an inch wider. What's impressive is that the new 3-series has gotten larger without getting heavier. BMW claims that, on an equipment-adjusted basis, the F30 is a tad lighter than its predecessor. At 3406 pounds, the 328i is also lighter than the Mercedes-Benz C250 and the Audi A4 2.0T. At the launch event, the BMW people couldn't stop talking about the three Lines, which essentially are optional trim levels. Each one tweaks the look ever so slightly, with its own eighteen-inch wheel design and variations to the grille slats and the lower air intakes, the mix of chrome and gloss-black trim, and the interior decor. The Modern Line has a monochromatic interior with a beige dash, steering wheel, and gauge faces in place of the usual black. The Luxury Line is more traditionally outfitted and uses the most chrome; both Modern and Luxury include leather. You'll likely be most interested in the Sport Line, not for its leatherette upholstery, aluminum interior bits, and red accents, but instead because it comes with sport seats and a lowered sport suspension. (The Sport Line effectively replaces the sport package.) An M Sport version takes things a step further, with restyled lower bodywork, Alcantara upholstery, and a bit more power, but it doesn't arrive until summer. All three Lines are available on both the 328i and the 335i. The 335i returns with its 300-hp, 3.0-liter turbocharged straight six; in place of the previous six-speed automatic is a new eight-speed transmission, which is a no-cost option over the standard six-speed manual. The 328i has the same two transmissions, but its bigger change is in the engine room. The normally aspirated straight six is gone, and in its place is a new direct-injected turbocharged four-cylinder engine, code-named N20. This swap has already taken place in the Z4 and the 528i, so perhaps you already know that this engine displaces 2.0 liters and features a twin-scroll turbocharger. In the 328i, it makes 240 hp and 260 lb-ft of torque, and both of those output figures are better than the old six's. Like the turbo six, the turbo four will be available with all-wheel drive once xDrive arrives next fall. Next fall also will see the first-ever 3-series hybrid, which will pair a turbo six-cylinder with an electric motor. Of the U.S.-market cars, the 328i with the eight-speed automatic is the version that BMW had on hand for us to drive. A Sport Line model in Melbourne red, it was also brimming with all the equipment that's new to the 3-series, including the adaptive M suspension (an option exclusive to the Sport Line), variable sport steering, and a phalanx of electronics: a head-up display, lane-departure warning, blind-spot warning, a rearview camera with surround view, and hands-free trunk opening. The last item proved somewhat disappointing, as wiggling a foot under the rear bumper failed to produce the desired result and felt as ridiculous as doing the hokey pokey (sensors recognize the motion and the key in your pocket). But then at last the trunk popped open and we threw our bags inside. This would be a good time to mention that cargo volume has improved by one cubic foot. Given the greater stretch between the axles, it's no surprise that the 3-series' cabin has more space than before, particularly in the rear seats. Six-footers will find decent legroom, generous knee clearance, and adequate headroom. Up front, the driving position is familiar, which is to say great. There's a fat-rimmed, small-diameter steering wheel and a large dead pedal, and the driver sits in close proximity to a fairly upright windshield. All F30 3-series come standard with iDrive and a free-standing 6.5-inch screen -- cars equipped with navigation get an 8.8-inch screen. The iDrive logic still requires more steps than should be necessary to perform many functions, but there are physical controls for some of the most-used items, including the climate controls and much of the audio system. As is typical of BMWs, the layout of all lesser controls is above reproach. The BMW faithful will find everything right where they expect it, and newbies to the brand will have no trouble adjusting. The interior design has more slashing angles than before, but the cabin still looks like a BMW. Materials quality, while not lavish, has no evident lapses. Read more: http://www.automobilemag.com/reviews/driven/1202_2012_bmw_328i/viewall.html#ixzz1kIKbvpnM top Schomp MINI Welcomes the MINI Roadster for a Sneak Peek The Littletondealership is hosting the MINI Roadster for a day before the official launch ofMINI's first two-seat convertible. LITTLETON, CO - January 6, 2012: Schomp MINI ( www.schompmini.com )invites customers to join them on Monday, January 9 th , when theywill be showcasing the all new 2012 MINI Roadster for a sneak peek ofMINI's first ever two-seat convertible. The car is making its first officialappearance during the Detroit Auto Show next week. According to Motor Trend, the car isessentially an open-air version of the new two-place Mini Coupe , but instead of a hardtop styled after a backwards baseball cap, the Roadster wears a black fabricroof. Unlike the four-place Mini Convertible, the Roadster's roof is manuallyoperated. Drivers simply twist a latch on the windshield frame and pull the roofback to its resting place behind the front seats. The all-new MINI Roadster will be at Schomp MINI forthe day, and will be available for sale in March. top Honda 'Dreams' Of Leading Fuel Efficiency When Honda sets sets its sights, it really sets them high. The company recently announced goals for its future drive technology at the Tokyo Auto Show. Those goals call for nothing less than achieving "top-of-industry fuel efficiency in every vehicle class within three years."Honda is calling the initiative "Earth Dreams Technology," and it encompasses everything from the company's internal combustion engines to hybrids , electric vehicles (EVs) and new transmission technology. In terms of its green efforts, "Earth Dreams" means that Honda will commit to its new two-motor hybrid system that will realize "top-of-industry efficiency." Honda will utilize a special lithium-ion battery and charger paired with a high-output 120-kilowatt motor. This powertrain for hybrids will work through three driving modes, an "EV driving mode" for urban environments, a "hybrid driving mode" using electricity generated by the motor and an "engine-connected driving mode" where the engine and tires are mechanically connected during high-speed cruising. Honda expects begin production onthese developments starting with the plug-in hybrid model in 2012 and the hybrid model in 2013. image via Honda Honda will also be developing an all-wheel-drive hybrid system for larger vehicles. This new system will combine a 3.5-liter V6 engine with an electric motor. Honda hopes to squeeze acceleration equivalent to V8 engines, as well as fuel efficiency equal or superior to in-line four-cylinder engines. The new hybrid will mount independent 20-kW-plus motors on both sides for the rear wheels combined with a seven-speed transmission system for "super handling all wheel drive." On the electric front, Honda is looking toward its high-efficiency electric powertrain to lead it into the future. The system features high-capacity lithium-ion batteries and three separate driving modes ("sport", "normal" and "econ") to offer a range of 123 miles. Honda also claimed that the new electric powertrain cuts the recharging time to less than three hours when using a 240-volt U.S. electric source. top Schomp Honda helping save lives - One concert at a time Denver - TodayLove, Hope, Strengthlearned that they located 7 new matches and had 6 transplants take place this week alone - all thanks to drives hosted out of the Love Hope Strength Honda Element. Schomp Honda donated the Honda Element in an effort to help with bone marrow drives at area concerts. The Element has helped bring counts to 400 bone marrow drives, 16,500 registered marrow donors and 120 matches found "?all since Ralph Schomp Honda donated the Element. NONE of this would be possible without their support. You have literally helped us give hope and a chance at life to 120 people! In addition to these matches we have been able to chauffeur around some of the most amazing musicians to and from our events." Shannon Foley, Executive Director, Love, Hope, Strength Foundation Musicians riding in the Schomp Honda Element: Kevin Bacon, Judy Collins, John Oates, Donavon Frankenreiter, Cy Curnin - The Fixx, Chris Carrabba - Dashboard Confessionals, Robin Wilson - The Gin Blossoms, Jeff Brinkman, Miles Zuniga - Fastball, The Samples top Honda Odyssey Named Drive's 'Best People Mover' For The Third Consecutive Year TULLAMARINE, AUSTRALIA ? Nov 24, 2011: The Honda Odyssey has been crowned 'Best People Mover' in the 2011 Drive Car of the Year Awards for the third consecutive year. The luxurious, seven-seater Odyssey outclassed competitors to take the coveted title for the sixth time in seven years. Drive's editor, Toby Hagon remarked; "The Odyssey continues to shine as a people-mover that doesn't feel like a bus. With seating for seven and car-like appointments at a competitive price, the Honda impressed the Drive judges with what is a viable alternative to bigger, more expensive vehicles . "The recent improvement in value makes the Odyssey a standout for anyone looking to carry seven people." Honda Australia spokesperson, Lindsay Smalley said the Odyssey is in a class of its own. "Honda is thrilled that the Odyssey is Drive's Car of the Year Best People Mover for the third consecutive year. "The Odyssey's superior styling, advanced technology and fun to drive personality are praised by Australian families. The Odyssey represents Honda's commitment to provide our customers with engineering excellence, value for money and worry-free motoring. The Odyssey is a true champion," Mr. Smalley said. The Odyssey has received significant upgrades and is on-sale from December 1. The Odyssey model now offers around $2,500 worth of specifications upgrades for the all-new price of $37,100, a reduction of $2,000 over the YM2011. This includes integrated satellite navigation, ECON button with Honda's unique Eco Assist coaching function, steering-wheel mounted paddle shifts and redesigned 16 inch alloy wheels. The Luxury model is now available from $44,920, a reduction of $1,000. Both variants receive several updates, including a redesigned front grille and headlights, LED rear tail lights, silver license-plate garnish and silver metallic finishing for the centre panel and door handles. The Luxury model also receives the ECON button with Eco Assist and steering-wheel mounted paddle shifts. In addition, it is equipped with 17 inch alloy wheels and smokey-clear LED rear tail lights. Technology is a key feature of the Odyssey, with the satellite navigation system ? now standard across the range ? featuring iPod compatibility, USB connectivity, integrated Bluetooth, live traffic updates, map updates, rear camera and DVD player (operates when the vehicle is stationary only). Over the years, the Honda Odyssey has been the recipient of other industry awards, including Australia's Best Cars 'Best People Mover' and Wheels Magazine's Car of the Year. Honda is the world's biggest engine manufacturer, a leader in automotive research and development and consistently rated a top performer in customer satisfaction. There are more than 400,000 Hondas on the road in Australia and millions of happy customers worldwide. top Schomp Sponsors "A Round of A-Paws 2011" Denver, Colorado - November 08, 2011: Schomp Automotive will sponsor the American Humane Association duringits annual "A Round of A-Paws" celebration. The event will take place thisFriday, November 11th, at the Westin Tabor Center in Denver.The event is a special celebration of the organization's volunteers,supporters, staff and friends, who have dedicated countless hours to assure theAmerican Humane Association's animal-assister therapy program reaches andbenefits as many people as possible. Tickets for the general public are $125per person. For more information, please contact Cynthia Hellman at aat@americanhumane.org or call 303-925-9406. Donations are welcome."For those whose lives it touches, animal-assisted therapy helps peoplein need make big strides in their personal improvement and development," saidAaron Wallace of Schomp Honda. "We are proud to join the organization's 200+volunteers and other sponsors to help continue the wonderful initiatives ofthis program." top BMW Launches 'Mission To Drive' Year-End Sales Event If you've been planning to buy s new car and you've got luxury on your mind, you might want to stop by Schomp BMW. BMW has rolled out a slew of year-end deals to coincide with the launch of the new Mission Impossible movie. BMWs will feature heavily in Mission: Impossible ? Ghost Protocol, the latest Tom Cruise action flick. The two most visible will undoubtedly be the high-techBMW Vision EfficientDynamics (the concept behind the 2014 BMW i8) and the new BMW 6-Series convertible, both of which were spotted in a previous trailer for the film . Many will be driven by Cruise's character,Ethan Hunt, and you can expect that they'll have lots of camera time during the film's action sequences. In conjunction with its close-up, BMW has announced a year-end sales event dubbed " Mission to Drive ". There are a range of deals up for grabs, like $500 off the BMW 1-Series and $2,500 off the 7-Series. There are also discounts to be found through local dealers, including low APRs and special lease rates. To see what's available on your model of choice, visit the BMW "Mission to Drive" website and start browsing. The sales event runs through January 2, 2012 . In the meantime, you can catch the new trailer for Mission: Impossible ? Ghost Protocol at Motor Authority . Be sure to keep your mouse near the pause button for a blink-and-you'll-miss-it lookat the i8 interior and stunning heads-up display. top Schomp Honda Supports the Troops Schomp Honda invited customersand employees to help stock a showroom Honda Odyssey with supplies to send to troops overseas. LITTLETON, Co- October 31, 2011: Schomp Honda is partnering with ABC and CBS in Denverand Colorado Springs to spread the word about the "Support our Troops "initiative in which Honda dealers stock vehicles with supplies to send tosoldiers oversees. In addition to Schomp Honda customers and employees, local schools,church groups, scout troops , and youth organizations are invited to leave goodsand supplies in the "Support our Troops " Honda Odyssey which will be parked inside thedealership showroom. The suggested donation list includes personal hygiene items, fooditems, and recreational items, like footballs, CDs, electronic hand held items,puzzles, and more. "We are proud to participate in this initiative to support our troops ,as a way to thank them for the great sacrifices they make to keep us safe,"said Aaron Wallace of Schomp Honda. The initiative will run from November 2 nd through December 2 nd . top BMW Announces March 2012 Release for Active5 Hybrid BMW has announced the roll out date for the Active5 Hybrid: March 2012. First revealed at the Geneva Auto Show in 2010, the BMW Active5 Hybrid is based on the 5-series and uses the chassis of the BMW 535i. As a hybrid, the Active5 uses both a 3-liter TwinPower Turbo six-cylinder in-line engine and a 40-kilowatt electric motor. Together they work to produce a total of 340 hp and allow the vehicle to accelerate from 0 to 60 in 5.7 seconds. The Active5 has an 8-speed automatic transmission and is expected to get 40 to 44 mpg, although no specific announcement has been made for the American version. The Active5, which is BMW's third hybrid, also includes automatic stop-start technology. When the vehicle is stopped, it turns off the engine, and turns it back on once the vehicle starts moving again. The car's lithium ion battery also charges while the car is coasting or braking. To conserve energy, the Active5 uses satellite navigation, which scans the road ahead. It then takes that information and adjusts its energy usage accordingly. For example, if the car will be climbing uphill, the system conserves battery power so it can kick in to help the engine once the car reaches the incline. The car can also use only electric power to drive 2.4 miles at a top speed of 37 mph. While the car has all the features of a hybrid vehicle, it still retains the look of luxury that BMW drivers have come to expect. It also includes a four-zone climate control system. The pricing hasn't been announced yet for the Active5's US roll out; however, in Europe it will start at 62,900 euro. Be on the look out for this new hybrid in March 2012. Tags: 2012, Active5, BMW, Hybrid, Release date top SCHOMP AUTOMOTIVE JOINS 303 MAGAZINE TO PRESENT THE 5th ANNUAL HAIR SHOW & 2nd DENVER FASHION WEEKEND Inaddition to sponsoring the event that will feature a unique series of runwayevents each night, Schomp Automotive is hosting a Facebook contest that willgrant each of four winners with four passes to attend. DENVER,CO ? October 4, 2011: SchompAutomotive ( www.RalphSchomp.org ) is excited to once again sponsor Denver FashionWeekend, a spectacular three-day event that includes runway presentations ofFall/Winter 2011 Fashion and hair trends. In addition to their sponsorship,Schomp Automotive is giving four lucky winners the opportunity to attend thisfashion extravaganza by giving them four passes to attend. SchompHonda, Schomp BMW, and Schomp MINI Facebook fans are eligible to win the passesbased on a random drawing. The winners will be announced on Wednesday, October12 th . Denver Fashion Weekendwill be held at Exdo Event Center on Thursday, October 13 th ?Saturday, October 15 th , and will be hosted by Channel 2 and FOX 31'sChris Parente. This is the secondFashion Weekend event sponsored by Schomp Automotive this year. Per 303 Magazine's NewsRelease: "Renowned runway producer,Autumn Binion (Au79 Productions), will execute the opening night (Thursday) andAnnual Hair Show (Saturday) presentations ? rivaling the catwalks ofinternational fashion houses. Binion has produced fashion shows in New YorkCity and Los Angeles for A-list designers including Baby Phat, Jeremy Scott,Heatherette, Mara Hoffman, Nicholi by Nicky Hilton, Sass &amp; Bide, Peter Som,and Cynthia Vincent, to name a few. Award-winning, celebrity make-up artist and 303 Magazine beauty editor, Katelyn Simkins, will produce thesecondnight runway presentation (Friday). From natural to outlandish, Simkinsprides herself on creating a cutting edge look to flatter each unique face sheworks with. Her prestigious client list includes Charlie Price, NIKE, UniversalStudios, AnnaSophia Robb, Martin Sheen, Aaron Ekhart, Brendan Fraser, EmilioEstevez, Dennis Quaid, The Flobots, Hugh Dancy, John Cameron Mitchell, SeannWilliam Scott, and Taylor Lautner." AboutSchomp Automotive: Founded by automotive pioneer Roy Weaver, Schomp Automotive hasestablished itself as one of the top family-owned and operated dealership groups in theDenver area. Schomp Automotive's main focus is to build strong relationshipswith each of their customers and always ensure honesty, integrity and ethicsare at the backbone of their company. President Lisa Schomp and General ManagerAaron Wallace are big supporters of the community, having raised almost$270,000 for the Children's Hospital in Colorado. RelatedLinks: www.SchompHonda.com www.SchompBMW.com www.Facebook.com/SchompBMW www.Facebook.com/SchompHonda www.Facebook.com/SchompHonda www.RalphSchomp.com www.tier10marketing.com top Schomp MINI: the All-New 2012 MINI Cooper is Here The automaker's first production two-passenger automobile makes a splash at Schomp MINI as the fastest box-stock MINI to hit the dealership lot. DENVER, Co. ? October 5, 2011: Offering three versatile models, the 2012 MINI Cooper Coupe has made its wayto Schomp MINI (www.SchompMINI.com), offering drivers a behind-the-wheel experience like no other. The 2012MINI Cooper Coupe is the first production two-passenger automobile manufactured by MINI, employing a 1.6-literfour-cylinder engine, an innovative design and impressive interior space. "The new MINI Cooper Coupe takes the MINI brand to a whole other level," said Aaron Wallace of Schomp MINI."With an aerodynamic roof, an active rear spoiler with manual control, and performance suspension, among otheperks, it's the perfect combination of style, performance and comfort that drivers would come to expect from aMini, repackaged into a sportier vehicle." MINI offers the Coupe in three models: base Cooper Coupe, Cooper S Coupe and the John Cooper Works Coupe.All are equipped with a six-speed manual transmission, while a six-speed automatic is also available for the CooperS Coupe and Cooper Coupe. The MINI Cooper Coupe features impressive gas mileage, offering a 32 combined MPG, which equals 488 milesper tank. Exterior color options include: Chili Red, Laguna Green, White Silver, Pepper White, Spice Orange, BritishRacing Green II, Lightning Blue, Midnight Black, and Eclipse Gray. Located at 5700 South Broadway in Littleton, Ralph Schomp Mini features a wide selection of new and pre-ownedMini Coopers. The dealership has earned a 4.5-star rating in sales and service by MINI drivers. To schedule a testdrive, please call 877.331.9182. www.SchompMINI.com www.MINIusa.com www.tier10marketing.com top Lisa Schomp named 2011 Denver Business Journal Outstanding Women in Business winner! Congratulations, Lisa Schomp, named 2011 Denver Business Journal's Outstanding Women in Business winner - Large Business Owner category . Lisa thanked her husband Mark, of 33 years and three kids who were sitting in the audience. The other finalists in the Large Business owner category were Lenee Koch, VP at LEI Cos, Inc and Emily Spencer, President and CEO at Premier Medical Corp. Check the Aug. 26-Sept. 1 print edition of the Denver Business Journal for the special section on Denver's Outstanding Women in Business, including profiles of all the winners. top MINI Coupe Coming to Schomp MINI this fall! Colorado's largest-volume and original MINI Cooper dealer will be seeing the 2012 MINI Coupe coming to our showroom this fall! Touting two spoilers, two seats and Dynamic Stability Control - the MINI Cooper Coupe is sure tobe a crowd pleaser in October! top June 2011 Sales: BMW Group U.S. up 15.1 percent The BMW Group in the U.S. (BMW and MINI combined) reported June sales of 26,865 vehicles, an increase of 15.1% from the 23,331 vehicles sold in the same month a year ago. Year-to-date, BMW Group is up 18% on sales of 143,521 in the first six months of 2011 compared to 121,585 in the same period in 2010. "With all that's gone on in the world in the last month, our own economy and auto market are still volatile places so you'd better have the right models and business strategy to attract customers in this environment," said Jim O'Donnell, CEO, BMW of North America. "We've been fortunate to have both and that's why we're in the market leading position for the first half of 2011 and more new models are on the way giving us the opportunity to stay there." BMW New BMW Cars and Used BMW Cars - Brand Sales Sales of BMW brand vehicles increased 12.8% in June for a total of 21,637 compared to 19,182 vehicles sold in June, 2010. Year-to-date, the BMW brand is up 13% on sales of 113,705 January through June compared to 100,632 sold in the first six months of 2010. In June, the BMW X3 SAV continued the strong sales success that began with its launch in January. Year-to-date, the new X3 has sold 12,725 compared with 3,439 in the same period of 2010, a 270% increase. The BMW 5 Series, now with a full-year of U.S. sales, continued its sales growth with June posting an almost 13% increase over June 2010. Year-to-date the 5 Series has sold 25,287 compared to 15,846 in the first six months of 2010, a nearly 60% increase. Convertibles , in particular the Z4 Roadster and the new 6 Series Convertible, gained additional traction in June with the Z4 up almost 120% and the 6 Series up nearly 80% over the previous June. BMW Pre-Owned Vehicles In June, sales of BMW used vehicles (including certified pre-owned and pre-owned) totaled 12,801, a decrease of 4.8% from the 13,445 sold in June 2010. Year-to-date, BMW used vehicle sales are down 5% on volume of 79,511 compared to 83,723 in the first six months of 2010. MINI Brand Sales MINI USA reported sales of 5,228 automobiles in June, a new record for the month. The June 2011 sales are an increase of 26% over the 4,149 sold in June, 2010. "Fuel prices have moderated in the last month or so but we are still seeing an increase in MINI sales" said Jim McDowell, Vice President MINI USA. "It's not just the new Countryman that's popular but the entry hardtop as well, telling me that more Americans are embracing small cars as a rational choice." Year-to-date, MINI sales in the U.S. are up 42.3% on volume of 29,816 compared to 20,953 in the first six months of 2010. The January to June numbers are the highest achieved in that six month period since MINI was launched in the U.S. in 2002. Sales BMW of North America, LLC, June 2011 June '11 June '10 % YTD June '11 YTD June '10 % 1 Series 599 1,312 -54.3% 4,593 5,804 -20.9% 3 Series 9,155 7,195 27.2% 43,862 47,214 -7.1% Z4 501 228 119.7% 2,034 1,728 17.7% 5 Series 4,365 3,865 12.9% 25,287 15,846 59.6% 6 Series 312 174 79.3% 1,112 996 11.6% 7 Series 542 1,716 -68.4% 5,450 6,835 -20.3% BMW passenger cars 15,474 14,490 6.8% 82,338 78,423 5.0% X3 2,388 724 229.8% 12,725 3,439 270.0% X5 3,157 3,273 -3.5% 15,895 15,985 -0.6% X6 618 695 -11.1% 2,747 2,785 -1.4% BMW light trucks (SAVs) 6,163 4,692 31.4% 31,367 22,209 41.2% BMW brand 21,637 19,182 12.8% 113,705 100,632 13.0% Cooper /S Hardtop 2,487 2,488 0.0% 15,105 12,535 20.5% Cooper /S Convertible 505 791 -36.2% 2,615 3,652 -28.4% Cooper /S Clubman 810 870 -6.9% 3,950 4,766 -17.1% Crossover 1,426 N/A N/A 8,146 N/A N/A MINI brand 5,228 4,149 26.0% 29,816 20,953 42.3% TOTAL BMW of North America, LLC 26,865 23,331 15.1% 143,521 121,585 18.0% top Honda Achieves Its Best-Ever Result in 2011 J.D. Power and Associates TORRANCE, Calif., June 23, 2011- The Honda brand earned its best-ever ranking in J.D. Power and Associates' Initial Quality StudySM (IQS) for 2011, finishing second among all surveyed brands, including premium makes, the company announced today. Honda also led the industry with seven models earning the highest initial quality ranking in their respective segments, including its top-selling Accord and Civic models. In the manufacturing realm, the 2011 study recognized three Honda plants for superior quality, including Honda's newest U.S. auto plant in Greensburg, Ind. Honda Manufacturing of Indiana, producing the Civic Sedan, was one of only three plants around the world to earn the Platinum Plant Quality Award. The Suzuka, Japan plant, line 1, earned a Silver Plant Quality Award, Asia Pacific (tie), for production of Civic and Insight, while the East Liberty, Ohio, plant took home a Bronze Plant Quality Award, North/South America, for production of the Accord Crosstour, CR-V and Element. "Creating products of the highest quality and value is the foundation of our business, and it begins with a deep understanding of the customer," said Tetsuo Iwamura, president &amp; CEO of American Honda Motor Co., Inc. "These results are an important demonstration of our focus on the customer and the tireless efforts put forth by Honda associates throughout our organization in R&amp;D, in manufacturing and in sales to exceed their high expectations of Honda and Acura." Of the seven Honda models earning the highest initial quality score in their segment- the most segment leaders of any brand- five were manufactured in North America: the Civic (compact car); the Element (compact crossover SUV?followed by the CR-V in second place); the Accord (midsize car); the Accord Crosstour (midsize crossover SUV); and the Ridgeline (midsize pickup). Those five models were joined on the 2011 segment leader list by the Insight hybrid (compact car, tie) and Honda Fit (sub-compact car). Honda automobiles made in North America are produced using domestic and globally-sourced parts. J.D. Power and Associates' Initial Quality Study serves as an important tool for consumers in evaluating the quality and design of new vehicles. Since 1987, J.D. Power and Associates has been surveying owners to measure the initial quality of new vehicles after the first 90 days of ownership. top BMW Group Integrated Safety Concept National Harbor, MD ? June 15, 2011... Beginning today at the Enhanced Safety of Vehicles Conference, the BMW Group will showcase its Integrated Safety Concept which provides a holoistic approach to vehicle and occupant safety. Currently significant improvements in passive safety technologies such as the safety cell, seat belts, airbags and sensors have lifted the safety performance of modern vehicles to a very high level. The BMW 5 Series, a benchmark in terms of safety, embodies these achievements, having been recognized by independent organizations worldwide with the highest safety awards. US NCAP - The only luxury sedan with 5 stars under the new more stringent rating IIHS - Top Safety Pick Euro NCAP - 5 stars; awarded as "best performing car of 2010 in its class"; best pedestrian protection of all classes Euro NCAP - Advanced Award for Enhanced Automatic Emergency Call Australasian NCAP - 5 stars New Zealand Automobile Association - Motoring Excellence Award 2010 "Safest Vehicle of the Year" Nevertheless, after all these years of passionate development, the benefits resulting from additional efforts in passive safety have begun to decrease; in other words, a classical "point of diminishing returns" has been reached. Considering these limits, the question that arises is: What are the most effective solutions moving forward to take vehicle safety to the next level and thereby continue to further reduce traffic fatalities and injuries. top 2012 Honda Civic now at Schomp Honda! Featuring the widest array of engine choices available in its class, the 2012 Civic is designed to even better meet the diverse needs of the compact-vehicle buyer when it launches this spring. The entire redesigned ninth-generation Civic lineup will become more fuel efficient with two models ? the all-new Civic HF and the Civic Hybrid ? each delivering fuel economy estimates of more than 40 mpg on the highway. Built on the tradition of Honda fuel efficiency, the economical Civic HF model will be the most fuel-efficient gasoline-only powered Civic in the lineup when it launches this spring. Equipped with a 1.8-liter i -VTEC engine, the Civic HF is targeted to earn EPA-estimated fuel economy1 of 41 mpg on the highway. The 2012 Civic Hybrid, which will be outfitted for the first time with a lithium-ion battery and a larger 1.5-liter i -VTEC engine, is expected to achieve an EPA-estimated city/highway combined fuel economy1 of 45 mpg, an improvement of 4 mpg compared to the current Civic Hybrid. Both the Civic HF and Civic Hybrid models will be equipped with aerodynamic components for improved efficiency and Honda ECO Assist&#8482; technology, an innovation that can enhance efficient vehicle operation while providing feedback to promote more efficient individual driving styles. "The Civic is the only model in the industry that can deliver on all fronts ? fuel economy, sporty performance, smart packaging, alternative fuel and long-term value," said John Mendel, executive vice president of sales for American Honda Motor Co.,Inc. "For the ninth-generation Civic, we are emphasizing improved fuel economy across the board, from the hybrid sedan to the sporty Si model." In addition to the Civic HF and Civic Hybrid models, the Civic Sedan, Civic Coupe and Civic GX Natural Gas models are also estimated to achieve improved fuel economy compared to the current models. The Civic Sedan and Civic Coupe achieve an EPA-estimated fuel economy2 of 39 mpg on the highway, an improvement of 3 mpg when compared to the current model. The Civic Natural Gas vehicle is anticipated to earn a 7 percent improvement in fuel economy compared to the current model. The Civic Sedan, Civic Coupe and Civic Natural Gas models will all be equipped with the Honda ECO Assist technology. Along with improved fuel economy, the new Civic lineup also delivers more performance, particularly with the Civic Si. The Civic Si sedan and coupe models will be equipped with a larger, more powerful 2.4-liter engine as well as a new 6-speed manual transmission. The new engine is anticipated to deliver 200 horsepower with 170 ft-lb of torque. Even with the larger engine and a 22 percent increase in torque, Civic Si is targeted to achieve an EPA-estimated highway fuel economy1 of 31 mpg; an increase of 2 mpg when compared to the current model. The 2012 Civic lineup includes a sedan and a coupe with conventional gasoline models, a new "HF" high fuel economy version, two sporty "Si" performance versions, along with one hybrid and a natural gas alternative-fuel variant. Additional information on the new 2012 Civic will be announced closer to the on-sale date. For more information on the current Civic and other Honda models, please visit www.hondanews.com . Civic HF, Sedan, Coupe and Natural Gas Specifications 140 horsepower, 1.8-liter i -VTEC&#8482; 4-cylinder engine 5-speed automatic transmission ECO Assist technology EPA-estimated Civic HF highway fuel economy: 41 mpg EPA-estimated Civic Sedan and Civic Coupe highway fuel economy: 39 mpg Civic Hybrid Specifications 110 horsepower, 1.5-liter i -VTEC&#8482; 4-cylinder engine (combined gasoline + electric) Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) Lithium-ion battery ECO Assist technology EPA-estimated Civic Hybrid city/highway combined fuel economy: 45 mpg Civic Si Specifications 200 horsepower and 170 lb-ft, 2.4-liter i -VTEC&#8482; 4-cylinder engine 6-speed manual transmission EPA-estimated Civic Si highway fuel economy: 31 mpg 1 Preliminary EPA mileage estimates determined by Honda. Final EPA mileage estimates not available at the time of printing. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. 2 Based on 2012 EPA mileage estimates. Use for comparison purposes only. Do not compare to models before 2008. Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. top Denver International Auto Show Denver International Auto Show A very well recognized show amongst the car enthusiasts, Denver International Auto Show is ready to display sizzling hot auto models embedded with latest technologies taking cognizance of fuel economy FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE PRLog (Press Release) ? Mar 26, 2011 ? ? Road Show for adults and kids both Ride and drive programs RMAP Award Ceremony Camp Jeep A very well recognized show amongst the car enthusiasts, Denver International Auto Show is ready to display sizzling hot auto models embedded with latest technologies taking cognizance of fuel economy. The five day event commencing from 30th March will present a vast range of utility vehicles. The show is going to be held at Colorado Convention Center, Denver. The Denver International Auto Show has got well acceptance as a leading trade fair of automobiles across United States. From sports car to multi usage vehicles, there will be everything which will majorly attract the auto lovers. Best range of cars, vans, lights trucks will be on display under one roof. At the world recognised auto show, the visitors will get a golden chance to judge their needs. The expo has taken special consideration of automobiles embedded with fuel efficient technologies. The auto lovers can even enjoy free test drives at the event. Robert Parker, the marketing manager of the leading automobile manufacturing agency 'Ford' will present brief remarks on the "Explores and Electric Vehicles" whereas the Director of Marketing, General Motors, Sandor Piszar will talk on latest model GMC Sierra Concept Truck. The Denver International Auto Show will be participated by 30 automobile groups displaying nearly 500 vehicles. "We plan to make this year's Denver Auto Show bigger and better than ever!" says CADA's President Tim Jackson. "To achieve this goal, we have added a premier lineup of events that are deemed to be a dealer's dream come true. Preceding the opening of the Denver Auto Show, we have added the innovative Dealer Summit to kick off the week' events" he adds. When it comes to explore power, performance, style and passion, the Denver International Auto Show suits the best to the same. The Colorado Automobile Dealers Association functions as major partner and the event will be attended by all the renowned and leading automobile manufacturing groups. Range of cars with good pickup coupled with fuel efficient technology includes Bentley, Ferrari 458 Italia, Nissan LEAF and Sonata Hybrid is sure to fetch attraction a lot. Considering the fuel economy and multipurpose usage GM will display its new model GMC Terrain HD. For Details: http://www.biztradeshows.com/trade-events/denver-auto-sh ... # # # BizTradeShows.com is the largest Trade Show Directory motivated towards bridging the gap between the organizer and the target audience like exhibitors, sponsors, visitors etc. As a successful trade fair directory in business arena, BizTradeShows.com has enrolled over 6100+ Trade Shows Organizers in throughout the globe, around 17,000+ Live Upcoming Business Trade Shows World Wide with complete details. The directory boasts to cover Trade Shows from more than 142 Countries and 43 Industrial Groups. top What Will Fuel the Future at the Denver Auto Show! CarterEnergy Offers Education and Entertainment for Attendees Denver, CO, January 13, 2011 - Denver is known for being one of the nation's "Greenest" cities, and the Denver Auto Show always showcases the latest in eco-friendly technologies. New to the 2011 Auto Show is the award-winning "What Will Fuel the Future?" Roadshow for kids of all ages. CarterEnergy's Roadshow display provides entertainment, education and fun for both the young and young at heart who attend the Auto Show. The RoadShow, designed to provide stimulating learning experiences for both children and adults, includes six educational exhibits focused on Energy: What is Energy? - Interactive display which explores the differences between Renewable and Non-renewable Energy Energy Timeline -Graphic chronological timeline From Fossils to Tank -Interactive modelwhich demonstrates where Petroleum comes from Emerging Energy Sources -Hands-On display featuresvideo facts on a variety of Renewable energy source s (Corn, Wind, Solar, Hydrogen, Electric, Biofuels, etc.), chosen by the visitor The Energy Interactive -Computer kiosks which allow visitors to test themselves on what they learned,making them"Energy Experts" &#183; Fuels of the Future Racing Game -Hands-onremote-control Racing game that reinforces Renewables and Non-Renewables. In addition to the RoadShow, "What Will Fuel the Future?" offers a website, WhatWillFuelTheFuture.com , with many available resources for educators. The website offers ideas for class projects, energy based games and activities, and free downloadable learning tools. Attendees to the 2011 Denver Auto Show March 30-April 3 will see the newest 2011 and 2011 vehicles, latest technological innovations, concept cars, and fuel efficient hybrids and electrics. The entertainment is endless and it is truly a family event. About the Denver Auto Show The Denver Auto Show will be held March 30-April 3, 2011 at the Colorado Convention Center in Denver, CO. Tickets are $10 for adults and $5 for children 7 ? 12. Children 6 and under are free. For details more information regarding the Auto Show, the public may call (800) 251-1563 or visit the Show's website www.denverautoshow.com Show Hours: Wednesday, March 30, 6-10PM Thursday, March 31, 5-10PM Friday, April 1, 12-10PM Saturday, April 2, 10AM-10PM Sunday, April 3, 10AM-6PM Box Office closes 1 hour prior to the end of the Show each day. top 2011 Mini Countryman named IIHS 'Top Safety Pick' The 2011 Mini Countryman has been declared a Top Safety Pick by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, after receiving a 'good' rating in front, side, rear and rollover tests. IIHS also cited the Countryman's standard electronic stability control as a deciding factor in giving it the nod. The Mini Countryman sports driver and passenger front air bags, side curtain air bags and seat-mounted torso air bags. There's also an airbag in the lower dashboard on the passenger side to help prevent knee injuries in head-on impacts. In the side impact test, IIHS again determined that the risk of injury to the driver was low, but that the passenger risked a fractured femur. Despite that, risk to the rest of the body was low. by Aaron Richardson ( RSS feed ) on Mar 7th 2011 at 9:33AM top Auto sales helping to drive the economy February 10, 2011| 4:10 pm The auto industry is powering up to help the economy. Surging car sales could boost economic growth this year by nearly a full percentage point, its biggest contribution to the economy in more than a quarter-century, according to a new analysis. Pent-up demand from consumers who are feeling more sanguine aboutjob security and income levels could drive sales volume to as many as 13.6 million vehicles this year, said Carl J. Riccadonna, senior U.S. economist at Deutsche Bank in New York. That would be a 17% increase from the 11.6 million vehicles sold last year and could add as much as 0.8% to U.S. gross domestic product, the most since 1984, Riccadonna said. The rise in car sales ?appears to reflect an improvement in households? confidence in the economic outlook,? Riccadonna wrote in a note to clients, adding that ?households typically refrain from big-ticket purchases, such as autos, until they are more confident about their own economic prospects.? Auto sales could keep rising throughout the year as consumers feel more confident in the economy and as lenders become more generous with credit, Riccadonna said. -- Walter Hamilton top Colorado Honda dealer now offering $500 towards your first Honda payment Denver, CO- Existing Honda customerscan now recieveup to $500 toward their first payment when leasing or purchasing a new 2010 or 2011 Honda Accord or Honda Pilot! The 2011 Honda Accord is the best car for you if you appreciate precision engineering in your daily transportation.It gets a mid-cycle freshening that includes revised styling, improved fuel economy. The Hondavehicle lineup is truly committed to offering a complete package of vehicles that would meet the needs of modern drivers. When it comes to reliability,new Honda Pilots definitely top the list combining high technology and high quality with the keen attention to satisfy customers. top BMW 3 Coupe Cars Anti-Theft, Corner Brake Control,Start Control, Brake Control, AM,FM Radio, CD Player, Front Halogen Foglights FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE ( Denver, CO ) January 24, 2011 -- After revealing the prototype system at the BMW Innovations Day in Munich last month, the German automobile maker had announced the release of their innovative safe parking technology called BMW Remote Park Assist. By August 2006, BMW owners will be able to park their BMW cars by using a remote control. This feature would also be able to increase the car?s child safety features. The BMW Remote Park Assist allows BMW drivers to stand beside their car while it parks itself in the garage. BMW cars can be reversed or locked in place from its parking position using the driver monitoring pedestrian traffic. With this, the risk of reversing and bumping into children is reduced. Vehicle guidance is being controlled by pressing a button on the remote key and the car moves at 2.5 km/hour. Smart sensors control the movement and these are assisted by a special mirror mounted in the garage. The sensors detect hurdles and prevent the car from hitting them, thus reducing the damage on BMW auto parts. When the button on the remote key is released, the car will stop moving. Raymond Freymann, Head of Research and Technology of BMW Group, further explains how the BMW Remote Park Assist works: "The fully automatic garage parking assistant is a vehicle system which enables a vehicle to drive into a garage fully automatically. In order to enable this, we of course have to know where the vehicle is positioned relative to the garage. To this end, there is a camera mounted on the windscreen pointing ahead at the garage. On the back wall of the garage we attach a so-called "lenticular reflector". This lenticular reflector gives us two pieces of information: firstly the distance of the vehicle from the back wall. If the camera sees the reflector in small size, this means it is a long way. If the camera sees the reflector in large size, this simply means that the vehicle is near the wall. Secondly you have a very clear view of the angle at which the camera is pointing at the reflector since there is a black line moving backwards and forwards. So you have two pieces of information ? the size of the reflector and the angle relative to the back wall. Now the position of the vehicle is known and I can define the trajectories for the vehicle to move completely automatically into the garage. This is essentially the sensor system we have installed for the Automatic Park Assistant. Of course, what else do I need to control the whole operation? It has to be possible to control the engine and transmission electronically, I have to be able to operate the brake electronically from the vehicle and of course the accelerator too. top These days, they are focusing on re-establishing their careers. The married couple from Culver City , Calif., has no plans to start a family, catering instead to a pair of cats. They actually are very much the kind of people who buy small, entry-level cars, like those showcased in the Cars.com/USA TODAY $16,000 Subcompact Shootout. Robyn, 27, an audio technician, and Erik, 40, an illustrator, took turns behind the wheel of each of the seven contenders and came away with strong opinions, even though they aren't car shopping. They are delighted with the 1995 Toyota Avalon sedan they currently share. In the end, they settled on the Honda Fit hatchback as their clear favorite for its power, comfort and visibility. They chose it despite being initially turned off by its snout, which Erik described as "insect-looking." Their twin dogs were the Kia Rio - which they found noisy, rough and sluggish - and Nissan Versa , which seemed cheap. They judged Versa, the cheapest car in the Shootout, not a value, even at a price some $3,000 below the rivals. They faulted the steering, ride and brake response. "You get what you pay for. It doesn't feel like you're getting a new car," Erik said. Erik's putdown for the Rio and Versa: "If someone gave me one of those two cars, I would trade it in for a motorcycle." Rio's corporate sibling, the Hyundai Accent , elicited little response from him: "a nice car but not spectacular." Among the others, the two Detroit models fared well: They generally liked a lot about the Ford Fiesta and Chevrolet's new Sonic. Erik liked the motorcycle-like features of the Sonic, such as its dashboard display. Robyn appreciated the ease with which she could use her MP3 player. As for the Fiesta, she said, "They want you to forget that it's a Ford." Robyn liked the acceleration and handling more in the Chevy. In the Fiesta, she said, "I don't feel like the car is hugging the road like the last one." The Toyota Yaris didn't evoke much response. Although it's one of the newer models, they knocked it as feeling dated. By contrast, they thought the Honda Fit could do little wrong during their drive. "As soon as you sit in it and drive it, you feel at home," Erik said. And Robyn said it surprised her: "It is not normally a car that I would consider." She gave strong marks for overall value, and a backhanded compliment: "It's still ugly, but it's a great car." top 2011 Honda Accord review: Packs a lot for the price Schomp Honda wants to share this CAR REVIEWS BY ROGER WITHERSPOON There was more than a foot of snow on the ground and the stuff was still falling fast. It was a fine, light, white powder, the kind my SkiDoc sister flies to Colorado and Montreal to zip through for a week. But skiing isn't my passion, I had errands to run, the street was a compacted, white blanket and the pending car trip looked less and less inviting. The two foot tall barrier mound of dirty snow left by the town's snow plows did not make things any better. So what would your average Honda Accord, with 18-inch wheels, standard Michelin all-season radial tires, make of this mess? The Honda's V-6 engine had been running, and while its 271 horsepower were just in reserve at the moment, the heaters under the front seats, the front and back windshields, and the side mirrors meant I could easily see where I wanted to go or where the ice slid me. This was a two-door, six-speed manual coupe, the sporty model of the popular Honda sedan, and it was designed more for drag racing than snow plodding. But errands could not wait. I slid the chrome and leather gear shift into first, popped Sly Stone's Hot Fun in the Summertime into the six-disc CD player and eased down the unshoveled driveway to the snow hurdle at the curb. There was a slight wiggle in the rear of the car as the Honda's traction control figured out the parameters to the snowy surface. Then it treated the snow as any other pavement, and the Honda went straight down the driveway and over the snow mound as if it were just another traffic speed bump. Over the next few miles there were more than a few occasions for the front-wheel drive Accord to swerve around stalled or sliding cars. But none of these conditions seemed to trouble the car's traction and stability controls. While part of that was due to the tread pattern on the Michelin radials, a good portion of the credit goes to Honda. With many vehicles, it is necessary to disconnect the traction control in ice or snow conditions because the skidding crashes their computer system. With Honda, you might as well pop in and enjoy your favorite half dozen CDs, or run through 1,000 or so jams from your iPod or USB because the car will treat the worst snow day as, well, just another day on the road. The 2011 Honda Accord is an updated version of one of the most popular cars on the road and packs a lot into a $33,000 package. On the minus side, the car is missing a backup camera, which is a safety item you expect to find in well made cars priced over $25,000. In addition, the driver's seat is power driven but the front passenger seat is only manually operated. But as far as complaints go, that's it. The Honda Accord has stayed a top-selling car because it is thoughtfully designed, reliable, appealing outside and comfortable inside. All things considered, the 2011 Coupe doesn't stray from that formula. It can't afford to. Ford never forgave Honda from stealing the title of best selling sedan from its stylish Taurus two decades ago. The new, revitalized Ford Motor Company is roaring back and is tied in JD Power's 2010 assessment for the highest quality among mass market brands with its Ford Fusion. Outside, the new two-door Accord Coupe has a wide, sloping hood and a more aggressive grill holding its trademark, lopsided H. The company has never made a gas-guzzling V-8 engine, though its V-6 power plant gets only moderate fuel economy with an EPA rating of 17 miles per gallon in city driving and 26 MPG on the highway. The test car averaged 19 miles per gallon in mixed driving, though some of that fuel was burned while warming up the car on frigid mornings. The six-speed manual transmission takes some getting used to because the transition between gears can be abrupt and, if unprepared, you can find the car jerking to a halt. But once you have adapted to the rhythm of the car, it is both smooth, aggressive, and has more in common with a BMW 335 diesel than with the Ford Fusion or its Japanese competitors, the Toyota Camry or Nissan Altima. Inside, the Accord has surprising room for a coupe. The seats are soft, supple leather, and passengers who live north of six feet can ride comfortably in the rear seats. The rear seats also fold flat to enlarge the already ample trunk. The front seats can be heated which is appreciated in snow country. In terms of gadgets, the Accord comes with a navigation system tied to its XM radio, providing traffic and weather updates if they affect a planned route. For entertainment, the coupe does have a 270-watt premium sound system with seven speakers, to amplify jams from your iPod, MP3 player, or USB drive. Its Bluetooth system is easy to use and, once set, automatically reconnects with the cell phone whenever it is in range. Honda is in the automotive equivalent of a dogfight these days, but has stayed competitive with style and performance at a reasonable price. The company is not likely to lose ground with the new Accord Coupe. 2011 Honda Accord Coupe EX-L MSRP: $32,480 EPA Mileage: 17 MPG City, 26 MPG Highway As Tested Mileage: 19 MPG Mixed Performance / Safety: 3.5-Liter, aluminum alloy, SOHC V-6 engine producing 271 horsepower and 254 pound/feet of torque; 6-speed manual transmission; 4-wheel disc brakes; front wheel drive; rack and pinion steering; double wishbone front suspension; 18-inch, aluminum wheels; fog lights; heated side mirrors; stability and traction control; driver's and front passenger's front and side airbags; side curtain airbags. Interior / Comfort: AM/FM/XM satellite radio; 270-watt audio system with 7 speakers; MP3, iPod, and USB connections; navigation system with traffic and weather updates; Bluetooth; leather wrapped, tilt and telescoping steering wheel with audio controls; leather seats, heated in front, fold flat in rear; power sunroof. top All About the //M, Baby 339 BMW dealers were in competition to be awarded the prestigious M center of Excellence, which was only awarded to 31 dealerships. Along with becoming a center of Excellence Schomp also became the states only M Certified dealer. Becoming the 8th BMW dealership to accept such a prominent award and becoming M Certified, Schomp celebrated in style. From heavy hors d'oeuvres to Denver's finest BMWs, Schomp covered all the bases in hosting an elaborate event for enthusiasts. Having a few M5s and the new 6 series standing at attention helped to excite the crowd for the main event. Becoming an M Certified dealer means a few things. First, a whole new inventory of performance goodies will be available to add a few ponies under the hood. Second, not only will you get an expert on BMWs to assist you in picking your favorite M, but they will be trained specifically in M performance cars. Finally, if delivery wasn't already fun enough, you get your very own M playground, specific for delivering your M beast. These three factors add up to make your M buying experience world class leaving nothing to doubt. While walking through the event, I could tell nothing was left to doubt. The main showroom overflowed with BMW power from a new hardtop convertible M3 to a luxurious 7 series. The upstairs showroom was a teaser for the main event. The basement of Schomp has been converted into the Ultimate Driving M-Showroom for the ultimate enthusiast. In my own opinion this was the ultimate man cave for the BMW aficionado. A TV played a selection of M car video clips, while pieces of BMW artwork dressed the walls. Having a selection of M cars from the 1M to the X6M caused quite the stir but only one car garnered the highest praise, the F10 M5. Only a few new M5s are roaming the countryside and Schomp was able to get its hands on one to let the Colorado community enjoy its sophisticated combination of luxury and performance. Throughout the evening enthusiasts mingled and shared their opinions on the new F10 M5, but another BMW caused quite the stir. The Isetta, with a white and red paint job, stood out from the crowd of M performance cars and allowed for a chance to look back in time at the minds of BMWs design and engineering teams. With one functioning door that was placed at the front and a small one-cylinder four-stroke engine, the Isetta provided a relaxing view from the thousands of horsepower flexing its muscles a few feet away. From the elegant 6 and 7 series, showing off their refinement to the M power in the man cave, the M Certified launch party was a major success. Having expert M technicians in Colorado will make any BMW enthusiast sleep sound from now on.  top Schomp Automotive presents Denver Fashion Week, March 1-3, 2012 Denver (February 14, 2012) ? 303 Magazineannounced today Denver Fashion Weekend (DFW) Spring/Summer presented by SchompAutomotive and hosted by Channel 2 and FOX 31's Chris Parente. This celebrationof style will take place at EXDO Event Center on Thursday, March 1 - Sunday,March 4, featuring unique runway presentations each night and culminating withan inaugural brunch event. This year marks the second annual DFW focusing onspring and summer trends resulting in a four-day fashion marathon with twoshows each night. Celebrity hairstylist Charlie Price will kick-off DFW with atwo-part opening night presentation featuring vintage fashion and an all-malehair review. The multi-award-winning Price has worked backstage at CalvinKlein, Ralph Lauren, Marc Jacobs and Prada to name a few. He was also arunner-up on Bravo's hit television series "Shear Genius 2," whichaired in over twenty-two countries. Two-time NAHA Makeup Artist of the Yearnominee and 303 Magazine fashion and beauty editor Katelyn Simkins will produceFriday night's presentation, which includes the first ever major makeup showcombined with looks from local boutiques. Simkins is known for her endless wellof creativity and artistic touch and a prestigious client list including HughDancy, Fran Drescher, Aaron Ekhart, Emilio Estevez, The Flobots, and TaylorLautner, Elizabeth Olsen, AnnaSophia Robb, Jurnee Smollett. Renowned runwayproducer Autumn Binion (Au79 Productions) will execute the finale nightpresentation ? rivaling the catwalks of international fashion houses ? completewith a 1920's circus themed show using confetti cannons, aerial dancers andfire breathers. Binion has produced fashion shows in New York City and LosAngeles including Heatherette, Mara Hoffman, Sass &amp;amp; Bide, Jeremy Scott,Peter Som and Cynthia Vincent. "We're really building on the momentum ofthe last DFW in October, which was a record-breaking success for us. With eachDFW we produce, more local designers and stylists have the opportunity toshowcase their creative talents," says 303 Magazine publisher ABAharonian. "Our goal is to continually create a community of support forthem, and nothing does it like these signature event". top  Special offers View our online specials, discounts and other seasonal promotions. Find deals you can't get anywhere else! Special offers Employment Complete our easy employment application and join our team. Employment Finance Center Contact our financial experts to have a financial plan custom-made to fit your needs. Finance Center Showroom Check out our virtual showroom and see all available specifications and options. Showroom  Welcome to Schomp Automotive There's a reason why Schomp Automotive in Littleton and Highlands Ranch, CO is loved by everyone except the competition. This Colorado Auto Dealer has a high level of customer service and treats the needs of each and every customer every singletime. Allow us to demonstrate our commitment to excellence. Denver BMW Dealer If you are looking to buy a new car or used BMW and need financing, Schomp BMW is the Colorado BMW dealer for you. Our finance team can assist you with securing affordable options on any new BMW 1 Series, 3 Series Convertible, 3 Series Coupe , 3 Series Sedan, 3 Series Wagon, 5 Series Sedan , 5 Series Wagon, 6 Series Convertible, 6 Series Coupe, 7 Series Sedan, M3 Convertible, M3 Coupe, M5 Sedan, M6, X3 , X5 , X6, Z4 M Coupe or Z4 Roadster. Colorado Honda Dealer If you are looking for new or used car, Schomp Honda is the Denver Honda dealer for you. Our sales teamwill help youfind the perfect new Honda Accord Coupe , Accord Hybrid Sedan, Accord Sedan , Civic Coupe , Civic GX NGV, Civic Hybrid Sedan, Civic Sedan , Civic Si Coupe, Civic Si Sedan, CR-V SUV, Element 5-door, Element SC, Fit 5-door, Odyssey Minivan, Pilot SUV, Ridgeline or S2000 Roadster. More people buy their Honda from Schomp than any other Honda dealer in the Rocky Mountain Region! Highlands Ranch MINI Dealer If you are looking to buy a new MINI Cooper or used MINIautomobile and are looking for the best selection in Colorado, Schomp MINI is the Colorado MINI dealer for you. Our MINI sales team will assist you in finding the perfect new or usedMINI Cooper made just for you. Denver Used Cars If you are looking for a great used car dealer in order to buy a used car, truck or SUV, then Ralph Schomp Automotive is the dealership for you. We carry a huge selection of quality Colorado used cars , used trucks and used SUVs - all marked with our lowest no-hassle, no-haggle price. At Ralph Schomp, you always get our best price first. Boulder Hybrid Cars Are you searching for a dealer with a great selection of fuel-efficient hybrid cars ? Come to Schomp BMW or Ralph Schomp Honda to see one of the largest inventories of great hybrid cars in stock and ready for delivery. The hybrid cars at Schomp Automotive are priced right with our no-haggle best price right up front. In the years we have been in business, our clients have come from communities like Fort Collins, Aurora, Littleton, Englewood, Castle Rock, Boulder, Grand Junction, Highlands Ranch, Douglas County and Colorado Springs as well as throughout the state of Colorado and the entire Rocky Mountain Region. Best of all, Schomp Automotive has a great staff on hand to assist you with your all of your needs including BMW parts, Honda parts, MINI parts, factory service, auto repair and OEM accessories for your vehicle.  Website by Dealer.com Schomp Automotive 5700 S Broadway Littleton ,  CO 80121  Directions Contact Us Privacy Sitemap News  [if IE 6]></div><![endif]  