 Skip to main content Blogs Home Login Everything HCL About Us Employees First Analysts &amp; Advisors Alliances Resource Library Video Gallery Investors Newsroom Geo Presence World Economic Forum Socially Responsible Business Events Webinars Service Lines Business Services Custom Application Services Engineering and R&amp;D Services Enterprise Application Services Enterprise Transformation Services IT Infrastructure Management Services Services + Industries Aerospace &amp; Defense Automotive Consumer Electronics Energy and Utilities Financial Services Government Independent Software Vendors Industrial Manufacturing Life Sciences and Healthcare Manufacturing Media &amp; Entertainment Medical Devices Professional Services Retail &amp; Consumer Semiconductors Servers and Storage Telecom Travel, Transportation &amp; Logistics I Have an Idea Overview Blogs HCL Global Meet Innovation at HCL Straight Talk Grassroot Innovations Careers Why HCL? What We Do Diversity at HCL Training &amp; Development Employee Benefits &amp; Schemes We are HCLites Becoming an HCLite Explore Current Openings Apply to HCL Search Search this site:  Automotive Overview Service Portfolio Solutions &amp; Frameworks Partnerships &amp; Alliances Resource Library  You are here: Home &#187; Automotive Automotive What keeps you up at night? Technologies like mobility and natural user interface, together with audio-video experiences are impacting all consumer centric industries including the automotive segment. Unfortunately, most of the experiences these technologies enable are meant for passengers, not drivers. The automotive industry is focusing on distraction-free convergence to provide better and safer experiences through predictive driving support, communications exchange systems, and disaster information networks. The best is yet to come, and we are just scratching the surface of what a safe, yet converged world could be. Why should you consider HCL? Our heritage. We understand what it takes to develop a culture of continuous innovation. For 35 years we have built enduring partnerships with leading enterprise solutions vendors and industry associations. We provide best-of-breed experience in areas like application management, supply chain planning, aftermarket services, embedded software, electronics engineering, integrated product engineering, mechanical engineering, product testing, and manufacturing. Next-generation technologies . At HCL, we realize that automotive OEMs and Tier 1s must be in sync with the latest disruptive technologies. We were the first company to work with Ford on its Open XC platform, and we have supported a connected car apps framework, developed a mobile data terminal for a fleet management company, designed imaging algorithms for various road geographies, been involved in the development of a next-gen camera, developed and simulated a hybrid powertrain and AUTOSAR components. Sophisticated solutions. We work with seven of the top ten global automotive companies on solutions that blend smart electronics with mechanical enhancements to improve the passenger experience. These products, supported by our applications, are now being installed in almost every major car and commercial vehicle brand. An integrated approach. Our customers (Tier 1 and Tier 2 automakers, OEMs, and dealers) are achieving collaboration, visibility across their supply chains, and faster time to market through our integrated services approach across automotive IT, engineering, electronics and embedded services, and plant automation. State-of-the-art facilities. Through our Automotive Lab for software development, simulation, and testing, we have earned a reputation for delivering defect-free solutions. Our manufacturing-oriented design processes, in-house environmental screening and certification infrastructure, and manufacturing tie-ups enable us to provide unique concept-to-manufacture solutions for our customers. We have created Centers of Excellence in cloud, android, HMI, imaging, industrial design, value engineering, and engineering analysis, ensuring an unwavering focus on technology. Comprehensive IT solutions. For over thirty years, HCL has been providing IT solutions across application managed services, application testing, CRM, aftermarket services, infrastructure management, business process outsourcing, and product life cycle solutions. Our &ldquo;ALT ASM&rdquo; solutions have helped clients reduce their IT costs by over 30% and have helped ensure a seamless and transparent model that links service level agreements to business-level KPIs. Enterprise application services. HCL&rsquo;s acquisition of AXON combined the best of AXON&rsquo;s strong business consulting and implementation capabilities and HCL&rsquo;s robust global delivery-based application and infrastructure management capabilities. We deliver unique value on an end-to-end basis for SAP, Oracle, and Microsoft customers, ensuring that they receive the optimal business transformation solution at the right price. Richer mobility experience. HCL&rsquo;s mobility solutions enable organizations to become highly productive and customer centric by making information available at the right time to the right person &ndash; all through a simple click. HCL&rsquo;s Mobility CoE offerings include mobile application development, enterprise mobile offerings, system integration services, and managed services. Key current partnerships include Sybase and RIM. HCL is investing in this space with initiatives such as the Network Solution Lab, a dedicated mobility center in Singapore, and through alliances with several universities. How can HCL help you? IT services Custom applications, enterprise applications, enterprise transformation, IT infrastructure services, and BPO Application development and support, package implementation, application portfolio optimization, IT transformation, IV and V Supply chain management (SCM), business-aligned IT (BAIT), product life-cycle management (PLM), enterprise resource planning (ERP) on systems like Oracle, SAP, BaaN, and QAD, and warranty management with warranty analytics and claims processing Engineering and R&amp;D services Developing cutting-edge products and platforms and taking them to market in an accelerated time frame Domain-centric approach in building competencies in next-generation technologies like connected cars, NFC, and V2V communications Embedded systems: services in advanced driver assistance systems, active safety, body electronics, infotainment and navigation, telematics, instrument clusters, powertrain, electric and hybrid, and telematics. Engineering design: services in body/exterior, chassis, suspension and brakes, CAD/CAM/CAE, engine compartment, HVAC, interiors, powertrain, reliability engineering, technical publications, and value analysis and value engineering. Hardware capabilities: in board and system design, reliability engineering, FPGA/ASIC design, verification and validation, and value-added services The Services and Solutions sections provide more details about our offerings. To set up a conversation, click here Services Portfolio Solutions &amp; Frameworks Sub-system Experience Engineering Services Testing Services IT Services Enterprise Application Services Enterprise Transformation Services Infrastructure Services Business Aligned IT framework Cloud Based Services Contract Management Solution Customer Management Solution Demand Planning Global Visibility Tower Mobile Vehicle Inspection Solution Model Based Testing Warranty Management Integrated Infotainment System Insurance Telematics APEX Automotive Search this section Enter keywords:  What Customers say &quot;Overall, we are very pleased with the outcome of the project and with HCL&#39;s efforts. HCL consistently demonstrated its professionalism and software development expertise during the development of the security implementation. All schedule milestones were met, and all delivered artifacts were of very high quality. Thanks again for a job well done!&quot; - Leading aerospace company Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms of use | Sitemap | Copyright &#169; 2013 HCL Technologies Limited  Menu Content Library Brochures Case Studies Podcasts Research Papers Video Gallery White Papers Newsroom Press Release Print and Online Television News Events & Webinars Upcoming Events Upcoming Webinars Events Archives Webinars Archives Blog Directory Idea Blogs Engineering and R&D; Services Ideathon 2012 - The B School Blogging Competition Enterprise Transformation Services Enterprise Application Services Telecom, Media, Publishing and Entertainment HCL Worldwide Americas United States Canada Latin America Mexico Europe United Kingdom Denmark Finland Germany Netherlands Norway Poland Belgium France Sweden Italy Rest of World Hong Kong India Japan Malaysia Middle East Singapore China Philippines Australia &amp; New Zealand Africa Indonesia Share this page Share this page Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ ShareThis Short URL: Contact Us Please identify yourself to help us serve you better Taking you to the form in a jiffy!  Customer  Partner/ Alliance  Analyst(Industry/ Financial)  Job Seeker  HCL Employee(Alumni/ Current)  Investors  Media/ Journalist  Staffing Partners For desktop/laptop related queries or complaints, Click here Top CIO Straight Talk Exclusive Breakfast Shows Name: * Email address: * Comments:  What code is in the image?: * Enter the characters shown in the image.  Make it yours Full Name: * Title: * Organization Name: * Organization Email Id: * Phone: Upload logo: * JPEG or TIFF formats only not exceeding 2MB Please do not forget to visit HCL’s channel on YouTube, HCLTechtube and &lsquo;Like&rsquo; the film! Bookmark/Search this post Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ User login E-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Redirecting to the form. Please wait... Please identify yourself to help us serve you better: * Customer Partner/Alliance Analyst(Industry/Financial) Job Seeker HCL Employee[Alumni /Current] Investors Media/Journalist Others For desktop/laptop related queries or complaints, click here Download Analyst Report Name: * Organization: Email Id: * Phone number: Purpose of Download: What code is in the image?: * Enter the characters shown in the image. Market analytics  