  Search Home &raquo; Arts and Entertainment &raquo; Humor  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment: Humor category? Email Address: Subscribe Humor RSS Feed Top Authors in Humor More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (885) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,266) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,803) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment: Humor Article Category Fun Ways to Start Writing a Story by Chris P Casey I know how hard it is for people to write short stories. I have been writing for many years now and my favorite genre is comedy. This article is to provide some helpful hints and tips on how to start a short story. Is All Laughter Healthy? by Stephen Russell-Lacy Who hasn't laughed at one of the most famous sketches in the history of British television comedy, the 'Dead Parrot Sketch' from Monty Python's Flying Circus? Well, one person comes to mind. A rival political party had adopted the image of a bird for its logo. Margaret Thatcher's speech writers encouraged her to quote from the dead parrot sketch to lampoon her rivals. This she did do at the party conference. But the story goes that she had been initially reluctant to use it because she just hadn't found it funny. The sketch illustrates one common element in comedy which is delight at feeling superior to others, like when we laugh at their misfortunes or shortcomings in contrast to ourselves -- like seeing someone hoodwinked by a pet salesman. The question arises whether laughing at the misfortunes of others is a good thing to do. Is all laughter healthy? Jonathan Winters: Entertaining the Crew by Rebecca Redshaw Meeting famous actors and musicians was part of my job at the recording studio in Hollywood. None brightened my day like Jonathan Winters! Soul Churning Mental Stuff by Joshua Clayton When you think about existence, there are winners, losers and everyone in between. The soul churning mental stuff is when you fully realize that it is a game, sometimes it feels serious, but most of the time it is not. Chef Ralph by Sam Vigil Going from a short hall into the kitchen of the Compound, which sits over a cellar from the era when this antiquated building belonged to an apple orchard and not so recently has been converted into a fine dining restaurant, with a chuckle, I'm greeted by the king of the arena Chef Ralph. Through a squeaky voice he says. "Hey, Sam Do the Watusi." As Britain Recovers From Unflinching Heavy Snowfall, Scientists Make Shocking Discovery by Sean I Troth Snow falling usually means chaos on Britain's roads, as commuters drive with extreme caution causing queue backs for miles. Now though, chaos is set to turn to amazement as we digest scientists' astonishing new discovery that snow is - wait for it - ALIVE. Doughnut Thinking by Noble Sebastian Scene: It's early afternoon. Steven is dressed in overalls and is sitting across the table from Doctor Nicholas in the latter's office. Nicholas: "I don't know what is wrong with him, but I do know that there is nothing right with him." A Biography of Musical Comedian Stephen Lynch by Phil Johnson Musical comedian Stephen Lynch grew up in Michigan and went up to take over the western world with his unique brand of bizarre musical humor. Here's his story. Tookie and the Mean-Hearted Monkey by Lee H Bishop I put together a number of reminiscences about my experiences during my tour of duty in Vietnam 1966-67. I was a Vietnamese linguist with top secret/crypto security clearance. Brushing Up On Marriage by Noble Sebastian Friday Night in the medicine cabinet: Mr. Toothbrush - Mr. TB: You have completely lost your figure. Stand Up Comedy - Your First Time on Stage by Sally Edwards The career of a professional stand up comedian is a challenging field to pursue. Often times, natural comedic abilities are hindered by nervousness and the anxiety of facing strangers. Walking yourself through the initial steps of preparation will help to make your first steps toward that solitary microphone a more successful endeavor. Corporate Comedy - Achieving an Intimate Relationship With Your Audience by Sally Edwards Performing corporate comedy is often the next step a successful "club comedian" chooses in advancing his or her career. Corporate comedy often allows a comedian to be the keynote performer on larger stages for businesses, conferences and church events. These singular venues offer greater recognition, excellent networking avenues and of course a bigger paycheck. The secret to performing a successful corporate show is achieving the same intimate relationship with a large audience that is achieved through a successful performance at the comedy club level. There are ways to achieve this intimacy and the professional corporate comedian uses them with fun and finesse. Silent Retreat by Donna M DiMenna Going on a Silent Retreat is all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Why would you go somewhere that wouldn't let you talk? The Fat Script by Noble Sebastian Victor: Fat women are the answer. I am telling you. You are bound to score with fat women. Christian Comedy - The Successful Outreach Formula by Sally Edwards Christian Outreach can be approached in fun and inventive ways. The ideal outreach will demonstrate a strong sense of community spirit to a newcomer. One of the best ways to welcome new friends is with conversation, smiles and laughter. The humor of a professional Christian Comedian is a wonderful way to show that your church loves to enjoy life and laugh together. I Went To School With George Washington And Abraham Lincoln by Nancy Mauerman I'm a chicken you can trust so you can believe me when I recommend this book to all hens and their people. The acrylic paintings are very chickeny, especially the ones of me. I'll tell you about my best, human friend, Jillian, and my chicken family's Hatch Day party and that sometimes everybody has fun except the Birthday Bird! I pecked a tiny piece of birthday cake so I wouldn't hurt Jillian's feelings, but then I got hungrier and hungrier, but I didn't die. How to Write a Joke for Stand Up Comedy by Sally Edwards If you are entering the world of stand up comedy, you will need an arsenal of jokes to keep your audience entertained. Your joke writing will reflect your comedic personality which develops over the course of years. In the meantime, a joke formula is invaluable. Coconut Chicken And The Meaning Of Life by Noble Sebastian A chicken and a coconut are lying at the back of a van, which is being driven back from the market. They are all that is left. The rest of the produce has been sold by the farmer. Nasal Hair: The Real Hero by Noble Sebastian Scene: Son Nasal Hair (SNH) is desperately trying to twirl and twirl and come out of his root. Father Nasal Hair (FNH) sways towards the son and asks FNH: What's going on son? SNH: I do want to be like this. The Birth Of A Poet by Noble Sebastian Scene: It is night time. The city of Paris sits bejewelled in florescent lights. Two men are standing on a bridge over the river Seine. Paying Your Dues As a New Stand Up Comedian by Sally Edwards Stand up comedy is viewed as a glamorous profession. New talents yearn to be in the spotlight. For this reason, supply often exceeds demand. The years of learning and sacrifice produce a pauper's paycheck. The advice "keep your day job" should be taken seriously until reaching a point where the income is semi-predictable and hopefully steady. The Fall Of Ear Man by Noble Sebastian Scene: in the interrogation room Ear Man (EM) is sitting across the table from the Police Commissioner (PC). PC: I never thought that such a day would come. Why did you do it Ear Man? What possessed you commit all those burglaries? How to Achieve Headline Status As a Standup Comedian by Sally Edwards Many young comedians focus only on the creative aspects of performing stand up comedy. It is equally important to understand the business from the viewpoint of the booker. What are are comedy clubs really looking for in their next popular headliner? Succeed in Comedy - Be an Athlete! by Sally Edwards If you were to imagine the lifestyle of a "stand up comedian", you would no doubt have images swirling in your brain of late night parties, night clubs, drinking, smoking and insane partying. If you were to imagine the lifestyle of most professional corporate event comedians the images should, and would be much different. Today Is Not The Day (That Boy Who Cried Wolf Too Much) by Joshua Clayton Although there is always a time for humor, there is never, ever a time for genuine foolishness. This is what I mean by my title. Hundreds of Ways To Be Surreal in Comedy by Paul Wimsett Although many people think there is normal and surreal comedy, comedy usually contains surreal elements. This could include using nonsense words, designs, mixing up different styles and so on. This Audience Is Mostly Mormon by Jerry P Corley So one of my favorite students Skyped with me today. He was upset about a comedy show he did. 50 Ways To Leave Your Lover by Kevin McKissick This article has nothing to do with the popular hit by Paul Simon of the same title. Very straightforward, after countless hours of research, these are the top fifty ways to end a relationship. 11 Ways To Get Fired by Kevin McKissick Here's a list of the top ways to get fired at your company. I started it off with the way I was fired a year ago. Surviving the First Date by Kevin McKissick If you're a bachelor or bachelorette looking to get back on the dating scene, then you will be no stranger to first dates. You may have had a few that moved past that and a few that ended abruptly, leaving you in awe thinking things were going well. Either way here is a short guide to surviving several different types of first dates with your future mate. Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First &laquo; Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 &hellip; 141 Next &raquo;  EzineArticles.com &copy; 2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 