  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Constraint kept separate from header so header can be
fixed above the page and still position correctly  
 
 Skip to Content 
 TIME 
 Business & Money 
 
 Sections  &rarr; 
 
 Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Style Opinion Photos Magazine Video LIFE.com Lists Sports 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 Search TIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Google+ 
 Tumblr 
 RSS 
 
 
 Apps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 50 Coolest Websites 2005: Arts and Entertainment 
 
 By
						      Maryanne Murray Buechner  
 Monday, June 20, 2005 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Send&nbsp;to&nbsp;Kindle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SAY CHEESE: Wallace and Gromit 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 Share 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Tumblr 
 LinkedIn 
 StumbleUpon 
 Reddit 
 Digg 
 Mixx 
 Del.i.cious 
 Google+ 
 
 
 Reprints 
 
 
  Follow  @TIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 Animation 
 Aardman Animations 
 www.aardman.com 
The official site of the studio that created Wallace, the hapless yet well-meaning,
cheese-loving inventor, and Gromit, his faithful canine companion, is a treasure trove of
video clips (click on Show Reel) and links to character sites including www.wandg.com,
where you can get a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Wallace & Gromit's first
feature-length movie,  The Curse of the Were-Rabbit , due in theaters in October.
 
 Books 
 The Complete Review 
 www.complete-review.com 
This well-organized, easy-to-search compendium of book reviews&#151;last we checked, there
were 1,430 titles covered&#151;includes editor's picks and bestseller lists by year. The
site links to (and vets) dozens of literary weblogs, from Bookninja to Mobylives to its
own Literary Saloon. The Review Index lets you search for books by author or title, genre
or nationality; you can read the site's own review or click to read reviews published
elsewhere.
 
 Classical Music 
 Opus 1 Classical 
 opus1classical.com 
A rich, expansive resource for music fans more into Handel than hip-hop, Opus 1 provides information on classical music concerts, festivals and opera in dozens of cities across the globe. You can browse by city and calendar month, or try the Venue Finder. Listings include program information and links to where to buy tickets. 




 
 Collections 
 New York Public Library's Digital Gallery 
 digitalgallery.nypl.org 
Lose yourself in this vast collection of rare prints, vintage maps, manuscripts, posters,
photographs, sheet-music covers, dust jackets, menus, cigarette cards and other artifacts.
There are more than 300,000 digital images of original materials available for viewing.
Access is
free, and you can download images to your computer for personal or research use. The My
Digital page will store your favorite discoveries along with your search history.
 
 Galleries 
 The Museum of Online Museums 
 www.coudal.com/moom.php 
This elegantly-designed portal links to established museum and gallery sites such as those
run by the Museum of Modern Art, The Bauhaus Archive and The Art Institute of Chicago. It
will also introduce you to countless other online collections, from Van Gogh's letters to
Chinese postage stamps to Manhole Covers of the World. For more, go to the  MoOM Annex .
 
 Games 
 Orisinal 
 www.orisinal.com 
Dozens of free Web-based games, gorgeously designed and relatively simple to play, which is perfect for non-gamers looking for an engaging way to waste time. Choices are presented as icons on the home page (no names, no explanations) but this only heightens the joy of discovery. Keep spiders off your cake, protect dragonflies from rhinoceros beetles, toss tiny umbrellas to baby birds as they fall out of their nest&#151;all you need is your mouse and maybe your arrow keys to maneuver. For more silly diversions, try  Little Fluffy Industries , which is part blog, part portal: editors review and link to new online games every day.
 
 Humor 
 McSweeney's Internet Tendency 
 www.mcsweeneys.net 
This site has amused and delighted fans for years, but has hit new levels of inspiration with funny bits like the recent  Baseball Knowledge Will Not Help You Pick Up Girls.  There's an archive full of Lists ( Embarrassing Things That Might Happen to You While Using a Lightsaber ) and Reviews of New Food (on blowing bubbles with Skittles gum: "You would have far better luck coaxing a sphere out of chewed-up crayon and oatmeal"). Affiliated with, but separate and distinct from, the quarterly print literary journal McSweeney's.
 
 More Funny Stuff 
 Ze's Page 
 www.zefrank.com 
The site began four years ago with "How To Dance Properly," a series of short looped video clips that web designer Frank posted online to amuse friends. The link was passed around like a virus you wanted to catch; within days millions had logged on, and a Web star was born. Today, Ze's page hosts a huge collection of interactive toys and games, comedic writings and  humorous video monologues .
 
 Podcasting 
 Podcast Bunker 
 www.podcastbunker.com 
The Web's best source of talk radio for your iPod. Unlike other sites that offer podcasts for downloading, such as  podcastalley.com  and  ipodder.org  (two other good sources in their own right), Podcast Bunker evaluates each feed for audio quality and content and only lists the best stuff. Click the Quick Guide for the full list of recommended programs, plus 30-second previews.
 
 Radio 
 Mercora 
 www.mercora.com 
Got a fabulous digital music collection, but don't like breaking the law to share it? This peer-to-peer service is legal, because listeners don't actually download any music. Instead, they stream music on their computers that is webcast over the Internet by other members. (The company does have to pay  webcasting royalties to copyright holders , and charges some user fees to cover them.) The offerings are listed in the traditional peer-to-peer way, noting artist, album, song title&#151;in this case, the one currently playing&#151;and source. Basic service is free, but limited to 30 minutes of listening a day. For $5 a month ($48 if you pre-pay for the year) you get unlimited listening time and can save up to 10 hours of programming for listening later. Premier members can also download the IMDJ application and create up to five different channels. Honorable mention:   Underheard.org , which makes independent and community radio available for streaming or downloading to your portable audio player.
 
 Television 
 TV.com 
 www.tv.com 
An ambitious guide to what's on television. The All Shows index is organized by category (Comedy, Drama, Children's Talk, Soaps, Reality, Sci-Fi and so on); browse from A to Z or by decade. You'll find everything from the  Life and Times of Juniper Lee  to  The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin . But of the 14,000 shows in the database, only 2,500 of them have content that's fully fleshed out, so the idea is to have fans help fill in the rest. Register for a free account to write (or edit) plot summaries and episode recaps, contribute trivia tidbits or write reviews. (The website's editors review every submission before it is posted.) The News page reports tidbits like Patrick Stewart's heart-attack scare and Megan Mullally's talk show deal. For a snarkier take on what's on the tube, there's always  televisionwithoutpity.com .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 The Magazine  Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Martin Luther King Jr: Architect of the 21st Century '1963 is Not An End But a Beginning.' The Kickstarter Culture Wars Lessons on Race and History in The Butler Jobs, the Movie, Struggles With Jobs, the Man 
 Table of Contents 
 Subscribe Now 
 Online Issue Archive 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Most Read 
 
 
 Get Ready For a COLD Winter 
 
 MTV&rsquo;s Video Music Awards: Who Got Cheered, Who Got Booed and Who Got Naked 
 
 Breaking Bad Watch: Confessions of a Middle-Aged Drug Kingpin 
 
 Call to Impeach Obama Grows, But Still Weaker Than Reagan, Bush, Clinton 
 
 The Two Big Reasons Obama Might Strike Syria 
 
 Trump Suggests Obama Is Behind Trump University Lawsuit 
 
 A Perfect Daughter: Gender Reassignment by Gillian Laub 
 
 The 25 Best Songs of 2013 (So Far) 
 
 Obama Can Strike Syria Unilaterally 
 
 Swiss City to Unveil Taxpayer-Funded &quot;Sex Boxes&quot; for Prostitutes 
 
 
 
 
 Most Emailed 
 
 
 Get Ready For a COLD Winter 
 
 The Two Big Reasons Obama Might Strike Syria 
 
 Call to Impeach Obama Grows, But Still Weaker Than Reagan, Bush, Clinton 
 
 The Plight of the Honeybee 
 
 Nobelist on America's Missing Economic Mojo &mdash; and How To Get It Back 
 
 The True Story of 'The Butler' 
 
 Egypt's Christians Caught in Cross Fire 
 
 Breaking Bad Watch: Confessions of a Middle-Aged Drug Kingpin 
 
 Pittsburgh Bridge Gets a 'Yarn Bomb' Makeover 
 
 8 Free World-Class College Courses on YouTube 
 
 
 
   
 
 More News from Our Partners 
 
 CNN 
 
 Tech that will save your life in an apocalypse 
 Why new iPhone might come in gold 
 Yahoo&apos;s Mayer turns heads in Vogue 
 
 
 
 Huffington Post 
 
 
 
 Miley Cyrus VMA Performance Of 'We Can't Stop' Hits MTV; Network Censors 'Molly' Lyric (VIDEO) 
 
 
 
 VMA 2013 Red Carpet: Fashion Gets Wild At The MTV Music Awards (PHOTOS) 
 
 
 
 *NSYNC VMA Performance: Justin Timberlake's Boy Band Reunites For MTV Onstage Reunion 
 
 
 
 
 DailyFinance.com 
 
 Rick Perry's 'Cut, Balance and Grow' Flat Tax Plan: Big Savings, Bigger Costs 
 The 4 Emotional Traps That Are Really Making Americans Miserable 
 Money-Life Balance: What It Is and How to Get It 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sponsored 
 
 
 
 
 A Pragmatist's Guide for Living 
 It's easy to make a financial decision based on what you need right now, but making an informed choice will benefit you in the long run. Meet a former Red Sox pitcher who picked security over an uncertain future 
 
 
 
 
 TIME Newsletters See all Newsletters 
 
 
 
 
 
 Free! Sign Up Now 
 
 Breaking News 
 Politics 
 Entertainment 
 LightBox 
 and more... 
 
 
 
 
 Your Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Go 
 
 
 
 
 
 Voices 
 
 
 
 
 Joel Stein 
 Do Google Glasses Make Me Look Boring? 
 
 
 
 James Poniewozik 
 On Anna Gunn, the Skyler-Hating Sexists, and the Billion-Megaphone Era 
 
 
 
 Richard Corliss 
 The 99% Solution 
 
 
 
 Rana Foroohar 
 The End of TV as We Know It 
 
 
 
 Joe Klein 
 Trayvon's Death Is an Outrage, But ... 
 
 
 
 Fareed Zakaria 
 Little al-Qaedas Loom Large 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 iPad 
 
 
 
 
 
 iPhone 
 
 
 
 
 
 Android 
 
 
 
 
 
 TIME TV 
 
 
 
 
 
 Populist 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Page 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TIME Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Photos Videos Lists Magazine 
 
 
 
 &copy; 2013 Time Inc. All rights reserved &nbsp; Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Newsletter Mobile TIME For Kids Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Use Media Kit Reprints & Permissions Help Site Map Ad Choices   Custom Content 
 
 
 
 
 
 our partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
