 Autos.com Do It Yourself Automotive Repair  Home Auto Repair Do It Yourself Automotive Repair How to Repair a Convertible Top How to Repair a Convertible Top  Anyone with a convertible knows that at some point you may have to repair your convertible top because it has become torn, or worse, cut open by would-be thieves. Small tears, less than 12 inches in length, can easily be replaced by sewing the wound with a needle and upholstery thread, just like you would a piece of clothing. Anything longer will take a bit more work on your part. In fact, you may be dissuaded by the idea of repairing a long tear, but most shops will want to replace the top if the tear is more than 12 inches in length, and that can cost upwards of $2,000. Here's how you can save yourself a lot of money and with a little time and effort you can fix your convertible top. Tools and Materials Needed: Upholstery thread, similar color to your top Curved upholstery needle Thimble Fabric adhesive or Gorilla Glue Marine canvas Scotch guard Duct tape or rip stop tape Step 1: Sew the Wound Start sewing the tear. Use more thread than you will need, and take your time. Sewing canvas is an extremely long process and it could take you several hours, depending on long the tear is. Make sure you keep the stitch as straight and as tight as possible. Try to keep the stitches about &frac14;" away from the tear while sewing. During this step it is a good idea to keep the convertible top closed and latched, so that the canvas can remain tight. Once you are finished, tape the underside (the inside of the car) of the stitch. This will prevent any glue from dripping through the stitch. Step 2: Glue the Seam Using your fabric adhesive or Gorilla Glue, glue the seam. The tape should catch any glue that drips through the seam. Step 3: Apply the Canvas Cut the marine canvas to the cover the tear. You can now stitch the new canvas over the wound. This is going to be an extremely long process and may require several hours, depending on how long the tear is. After the patch is in place you can use a seam sealer to seal around the edge of the canvas and the stitches, to make your patch waterproof. Step 4: Sew the Inside Remove the tape and sew the inside of the canvas, if needed. This step is purely cosmetic and does not require the use of glue or a new patch (unless you want a new patch). With a few hours and some labor you can repair your convertible top, potentially saving you a lot of money and allowing you to use your car for years to come.  Previous Article Next Article  Related Articles Is Tubeless Tire Repair Tougher than Repairing Tires with Inner Tubes? What are the Best Types of Tires to Buy to Prevent Flat Tires? How Does an Automatic Transmission Torque Converter Work? What is the Usual RPM Range for Cars? What are the Various Types of Car Transmissions? What Body Shop Chains Specialize in Auto Body Rust Repair? What Works Better for Car Paint Removal, Sanding or Paint Removal Spray? Is Waterless Car Detailing More Expensive than Regular Detailing? What Tools Do You Need for Car Radio Removal? Where Can You Get OEM Car Radios other than the Manufacturer? Topics in Auto Repair Air Filters Auto Body Repair Shop Auto Collision Repair Auto Glass Repair Auto Paint Repair Auto Repair Services Auto Repair Shops Best Auto Repair Brake Repair Car Repair Insurance Car Repair Tools Do It Yourself Automotive Repair Do It Yourself Car Body Repair  Aftermarket Parts Auto Insurance Auto Loans Auto Repair Car Buying Car Maintenance Car Pricing Car Rentals Driving And Safety  Autos.com Affiliate Program Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Dealer Inquiries How Models are Ranked Tech Support Autos.com is an company. Copyright 2004-2010 Autos.com, Inc. About Us Search by Model Search by Class Home 