 [if lt IE 9]><noscript><div id="rbHeader" class="headerTag " section="hdr" name="rb_header"></noscript><![endif] CNET Reviews  Ad: When it matters. DROID does. Home You are here: Reviews Top Categories More Categories Car Tech Cell Phones Desktops Digital Cameras Home Audio Laptops Printers Tablets Televisions Forums Appliances Camcorders Cell Phone Accessories E-book Readers Games &amp; Gear GPS Hard Drives &amp; Storage Headphones Home Video Internet Access Monitors MP3 Players Networking &amp; Wi-Fi Peripherals Software Web Hosting  News Latest News Mobile Startups Cutting Edge Internet &amp; Media Security &amp; Privacy Business Tech Crave Apple Microsoft Politics &amp; Law Tech Culture Blogs Video Photos RSS Download Windows Software Mac Software iOS Apps Android Apps The Download Blog CNET TV Most Popular New Releases Products Tech Shows How To Car Tech Cell Phones Tablets Always On Apple Byte CNET On Cars CNET Top 5 CNET Update Rumor Has It The 404 XCAR How To Computers Home Theater Photography Privacy Productivity Security Smartphones Tablets Web How To Video Deals Today's Deals Coupon Codes Marketplace Blog  Log In | Join Facebook Timeline options Log In Join CNET Sign in with  Facebook Timeline options My profile Log out  [if lt IE 9]><noscript></div></noscript><![endif]  ie8 fix CNET Reviews Car Tech Porsche car tech 2013 Porsche Boxster 2013 Porsche Boxster review: Buffer Boxster goes from cute car to sports car Review User Reviews Specs Compare Shop    Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Slide 5 Slide 6 Previous Next CNET Editors' Rating 3.5 stars Very good CNET Editors' Rating 3.5 stars Very good Overall rating: 7.5  Comfort: 7.0 Performance: 9.0 Design: 7.0  $49,500.00 Review Date: 11/05/12  Average User Rating 0.0 stars No reviews. Write a review The good: The 2013 Porsche Boxster is a fantastically well-balanced vehicle, offering the right amount of power, responsiveness, and grip for a grin-inducing ride. Optional PCM infotainment system checks all of the right tech boxes. The power retractable top is well designed and can be operated at up to 31 mph. The bad: Fold-away cupholders are among the worst in the business. Expensive options rapidly drive the Boxter's price up. The bottom line: The 2013 Porsche Boxster delivers fantastically balanced performance and full-featured tech, but avoid expensive luxury items for the best value. Most Viewed  2013 Mercedes-Benz SL550 Convertible Starting at $105,000.00 4.0 stars  2012 Aston Martin V8 Vantage Roadster Starting at $131,170.00 3.0 stars  2014 Bentley Continental GT Speed Convertible  2012 Mercedes-Benz SLK350 Starting at $54,800.00 3.5 stars MSRP: $49,500.00 Low Price: $49,500.00 Manufacturer Suggested Retail Price From Edmunds.com $49,500.00 See it Set price alert Tell a stranger that you drive a Porsche and ears perk up. Tell that same person that the Porsche in question is a Boxster and, if you're talking to a gearhead, you'll probably catch a slight eye-roll. In spite of its midengine configuration and the fantastic handling it brings, the Boxster has traditionally had to contend with reputation ranging from "poseur's Porsche" to "hairdresser's car." This is the problem with living in the shadow of The Mighty 911 . For 2013, the Porsche Boxster again does battle with preconceived notions, but this time it's armed with a more aggressive, muscular appearance. More masculine design The new Boxster features larger side intakes that are more deeply set into rear-quarter panels and deeply crease the doors, echoing those of the Porsche Carrera GT and making the previous-generation Boxsters' look a bit silly and inadequate by comparison. Above those vents are shoulders that are more defined, giving the Boxster a muscular appearance when viewed from the front quarter. Likewise, the front fender bulges are more defined, rising above the sloping hood in a very 911-esque manner. Porsche beefs up the Boxster (pictures) 1-2 of 28 Scroll Left Scroll Right   At the leading edge of those fender bulges are headlights that are similar to those of the Panamera, featuring black housings with chrome rings surrounding the vertically stacked lighting elements with bi-xenon projectors. Porsche has mostly avoided the trend of LED halos or ribbons flowing around the headlights, but the enlarged front intakes on the bumper integrate LED strips that functions as DRLs. At the opposite end of the Boxster, the taillight combos have been horizontally elongated. The clear portions of the lights have been compressed to slivers that flow into and are now joined by the lip of motorized spoiler when retracted. This designer's trick visually flattens and widens the Boxster. Along with the Boxster's trademark center exhaust, the new vehicle looks more aggressive than the previous model, but its rear end is also more busy, which may turn off longtime fans of the Boxster's traditionally simple aesthete. The Boxster's motorized spoiler deploys at high speed to aid in vehicle stability. (Credit:Josh Miller/CNET) Power retractable fabric roof The Boxster was designed from the ground up as a roadster, so of course a good deal of effort went into designing a power retractable top that stows away at the drop of a hat. The fabric roof, so chosen to keep weight down and because the Boxster has always used a fabric top, drops or rises in about 9 seconds with just the flip of a switch. Interestingly, the roof can be operated at speeds up to 31 mph, so you don't even need to stop to go open-air. When stowed, the roof forms its own tonneau cover just behind the roll hoops and wind deflector. Porsche's doing something right in the aerodynamics department, because the Boxster's cockpit never gets too blustery; even at highway speeds. Its cabin is even quieter with the thick roof fabric and glass rear window insulating, but the Boxster is meant to be driven with top stowed. Aside from its great weight distribution, the midengine form factor grants the Boxster two trunks. (Credit:Antuan Goodwin/CNET) Like every Boxster that's preceded it, the 2013 model features a midengine, rear-wheel drive train that places the engine just behind the two-passenger cockpit and ahead of the rear axle. This configuration means that the Boxster has two trunks, one under the hood and another at the back of the vehicle. Making a trip to Ikea in the Boxster is probably out of the question, but there's more than enough space for a weekend getaway with a pair of small suitcases. In the cabin, on the other hand, storage space is a bit more difficult to come by. A small nook behind each seat can accommodate a laptop bag and a small center console can hold a phone, but the weird cupholders are probably the worst in the business. You Porschephiles already scrolling to the comments section to lambast me for complaining about cupholders should know that I'm not asking for 10 cupholders, just a place to stow a bottle of water during a long drive. The current ones that fold out of the dashboard flop all over the place during spirited driving and that's just not acceptable. Performance Part of the reason the Boxster has had to contend with the reputation of "Trophy Wife-mobile" is that its performance sits at the low end of the Porsche spectrum. The Boxster's 2.7-liter flat-6 engine's 265 horsepower and 206 pound-feet of torque taken out of context are a pittance compared with the current-generation (and similarly priced) Infiniti G37 Convertible's 325 horsepower, but let's add some context, shall we? Consider that, at 2,888 pounds, the Boxster is 1,195 pounds lighter than the G and you'll begin to see how the purpose-built roadster makes due with less, matching the Convertible's approximate 0-60 time of 5.5 seconds. However, the advantages of being lightweight, low to the ground, and based on a midengine platform extend beyond the dragstrip, paying dividends at the apex of every corner that you approach in the 2013 Boxster. The Boxster is an amazingly well-balanced vehicle that I found to be quite responsive and willing (but not too eager) to rotate around a center axis that seemed to pass right through my spine. Clearly defined corners and a responsive and communicative chassis seemed to hardwire my brain to the Boxster's optional 19-inch S-style wheels and their grippy, staggered-fit tires. Even if you manage to get the Boxster out of sorts 'round a bend, the standard stability control and torque vectoring system would gently straighten things out for you. Continue to next page 1 2  Most Viewed  2013 Mercedes-Benz SL550 Convertible Starting at $105,000.00 4.0 stars  2012 Aston Martin V8 Vantage Roadster Starting at $131,170.00 3.0 stars  2014 Bentley Continental GT Speed Convertible  2012 Mercedes-Benz SLK350 Starting at $54,800.00 3.5 stars  Sponsored Premier Brands on CNET Samsung Samsung Laptops Samsung Mobile LG Mobile T-Mobile Samsung Printer Member Comments Add Your Comment Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy MSRP: $49,500.00 Low Price: $49,500.00 Manufacturer Suggested Retail Price From Edmunds.com $49,500.00 See it See all prices Set price alert ie8 fix  Quick Specifications  Body style Convertible Trim levels Base Available Engine Gas Full Product Specifications  By Antuan Goodwin Antuan gained most of his automotive knowledge the old fashioned way, by turning wrenches in a driveway and picking up speeding tickets. Full Bio ie8 fix [if lt IE 9]> <noscript><div id="rbFooter" section="ftr" class="footerTag"></noscript><![endif] &copy; CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBS Interactive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW Clicker CNET College Network GameSpot Help.com Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com MetroLyrics Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime SmartPlanet TechRepublic TV.com TVGuide.com UrbanBaby ZDNet Moneywatch | CHOW | CNET.com | CNET Channel | GameSpot | International Media | mySimon | Search.com | TechRepublic | TV.com | ZDNet Top Brands: Samsung Televisions Mobile Phones Blu-Ray & Home Theater Notebooks Monitors & Printers Cameras & Camcorders LG Reviews All Reviews Camcorders Car Tech Cell Phones Digital Cameras GPS Laptops TVs News All News Business Tech Crave Cutting Edge Green Tech Security Wireless Downloads Add Your Software All Downloads Mac Mobile Software Deals Webware Windows CNET TV All Videos Always On Apple Byte Most Popular CNET Top 5 CNET Update Prizefight More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Mobile CNET Site Map Corrections Help Center Permissions Follow us via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS [if lt IE 9]> <noscript></div></noscript><![endif]    