 Home Service Dept. Tire Center Parts Directions Paypal Jobs Facebook Donate About Us Buy My Car Contact Us Home Service Dept. Tire Center Parts Directions Paypal Jobs Facebook Donate About Us Buy My Car Contact Us  New & Used Part Search Buscar Autopartes We Buy Cars Top Home Service Dept. Tire Center Parts Directions Paypal Jobs Facebook Donate About Us Buy My Car Contact Us LKQ John's Auto Parts 10506 Central Ave NE Blaine, MN 55434 Directions 763.784.1711 800.862.4543 763.784.8132 Fax Hours: M-F 8-5:30 SAT 8-3:30 SUN CLOSED Sign up to receive our email newsletter with our monthly specials! Email Address: Email Marketing by VerticalResponse  Announcements: As of May 1st, Johns Auto Parts regular hours will be Monday-Friday 8-5:30 and Saturday 8-3:30. Johns is now closed on Sundays. The You-Pull-It Yard is closed to customers as of April 1st. You can still come to John's for all of your new, used, and rebuilt parts, but yard access will be discontinued. Please visit Car-Part.com to search our used parts or Keystone to search our new aftermarket parts. Welcome to Johns Auto Parts, home of the largest inventory of new, used, and rebuilt auto parts in the Twin Cities. We also sell and install tires as well as a have a full Service Dept . for all of your automotive needs. Please choose Part Search on the sidebar to search our inventory of over 150,000 new and used car parts. We specialize in engine and transmission installation . We also install and sell radiators for trucks and cars. We have headlights, mirrors, wheels, almost any part you need we sell. We are 10 minutes from Minneapolis and St. Paul. Located in the northern suburbs near Coon Rapids and Brooklyn Park, we are in Blaine. Subscribe to our EMAIL LIST for great offers each month! Tuesday Feb 08 2011 Dedicated to our customers from the beginning. John's Auto Parts has been family owned and operated since 1961. We have grown from a one room sales office to a four building, 20 acre complex all focused on auto parts. Starting with a staff of 7, we now have over 140 employees dedicated to customer service. We specialize in new and used automotive parts for foreign and domestic cars. Automobile recycling is a competitive, fast-paced business that is constantly changing. It involves understanding our customers and incorporating their needs into our operations to ensure sales and ongoing relationships. We continually strive to provide our customers with high quality and personal customer service. At Johns Auto Parts, our management and employees are committed to: Ensuring products and/or services are available. Providing superior customer service to meet our customer's needs. Utilizing the latest technology and tools to perform our work. Continuously evaluating our processes to implement cost saving improvements. Environmentally responsible automotive recycling. We have a full service auto department where we sell and install tires, install engines and transmissions and take care of all your automotive needs. We specialize in engine and transmission installation. In addition, we install radiators for cars and trucks and provide a wide range of auto repair services, including brakes, suspension, steering, drivetrain, 4x4 components and more. Search the extensive inventory of over 150,000 new and used car parts in our online store, including headlights, mirrors, doors, wheels, engines, transmissions and much more. If we don&rsquo;t have what you need in stock, contact us. We are often able to locate car parts from around the country and we dismantle over 100 cars each week for a continued supply of used auto parts. Administrator | Comments Off | Share Article 1 2 3 4 5 ... 17 Next 1 Entries »  Copyright &copy; 2009, Johns Auto Parts. All rights reserved. Used Auto Parts | Minneapolis Used Auto Parts | St Paul Used Auto Parts | Return Policy  