 About Admission Academics Campus Life Study Abroad Fine Arts Alumni/Friends Athletics Search Fine Arts Art Calendar of Events Ensembles Festivals Music Scholarships Theatre I want to apply! Give to Central Music Arts Theatre  Art Major  Music Major  Theatre Major  Concerts (Streaming) A Shared Love of Music The Central College A Cappella Choir traveled to Brazil to sing in cathedrals and for an archbishop, tour national parks and monuments and share a gift of shoes for Brazilians in need. Read more More Events Sep. 3 - Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Proj... Sep. 4 - Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Proj... Sep. 5 - Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Proj... Sep. 5 - Kornowicz and Contemporary Music Sep. 6 - Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Proj... Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Project September 3 What would make the campus happy? Based on a project designed by Peggy Monahan of the New York Hall of Science called Happy Cities, this interactive project explores what members of a community think would create a happy campus. More info  >   Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Project September 4 What would make the campus happy? Based on a project designed by Peggy Monahan of the New York Hall of Science called Happy Cities, this interactive project explores what members of a community think would create a happy campus. More info  >   Art Exhibit: The Happy Campus Project September 5 What would make the campus happy? Based on a project designed by Peggy Monahan of the New York Hall of Science called Happy Cities, this interactive project explores what members of a community think would create a happy campus. More info  > Watch past concerts Apr. 28, 4:00 P.m. - Symphonic Wind Ensemble & College Community Band Watch now May. 11, 3:00 P.m. - Baccalaureate Watch now May. 11, 7:30 P.m. - Commencement Ceremony Watch now Student Work Kruidenier Center All about the Arts at Central Fine Arts Blogs Camps Ensembles Festivals  Meet the Faculty - Ann Wilkinson A former casting director, Ann Wilkinson teaches students the business side of the industry in Arts Management, Acting, Improv and Introduction to Film. I'm looking for: Bookstore Catering Services Conferences and Events Campus Map Library News Contact Us Central College 812 University Pella, Iowa 50219 1-877-462-3687 admission@central.edu Privacy Policy 