  log in | sign up About Mission Submit a story Shop Advertise With Us Support Us Press Contact Architecture Interiors Products Technology Energy Transportation Fashion Art Kids Contests  Burnt Down Thermal Spa in Chile&hellip; Glass and Cor-ten Steel Cloudy Bay&hellip; DIY: How to Knit or Crochet&hellip; INTERVIEW: Inhabitat Talks to Urban&hellip; INTERVIEW: Inhabitat Talks to&hellip; 10 Brilliant Green 'Designs to&hellip; The Cool and Compact HaseBike&hellip; Translucent House in Tousuienn&hellip; Plans for High Line-Style Park in&hellip; How 'Soft Infrastructure,' Like&hellip; RFP for NYC's Flood-Protecting&hellip; Architecture for a Change's&hellip; VIDEO: Would You Eat Crickets? New&hellip; Canberra's National Arboretum &amp;&hellip; 6 Crazy Green Homes That People&hellip; Floating Harvest Dome Made of 450&hellip; Prev Next RECOMMENDED FOR YOU: Audi Unveils Next-Gen Crosslane Hybrid Coupe Concept at the 2012 Paris Motor Show X TRANSPORTATION BMW Set to Unveil Electric i3 Coupe Concept at the Los Angeles Auto Show by Marc Carter , 11/28/12 filed under: automotive , Electric Cars , Green Transportation , News Tweet Share on Tumblr Email The first model from BMW&#8217;s new i electric range, the BMW i3 is slated to arrive in 2013, and it will be followed by the i8 electric supercar in 2014. BMW has big plans for its new i division and it&#8217;s set to unveil a new i3 concept &#8211; the i3 Coupe &#8211; at the 2012 Los Angeles Auto Show . The i3 Coupe concept, as the name suggests, is basically a coupe version of the electric i3 .    The i3 Coupe concept is wrapped in a carbon fiber body which—according to BMW —is largely shaped by the gracefully flowing coupe roof line and the fresh interpretation of the BMW i “stream flow” design. Compared to the i3, the i3 Coupe concept is a bit wider and has a lower-slung look. Like the BMW i3 Concept , the Coupe is also powered by an electric motor that generates 170 hp and 184 lb-ft. of torque that sends its power to the rear wheels. The electric motor draws its energy from the lithium-ion storage cells under the floor, which lowers the concept&#8217;s center of gravity. The range covered by vehicles with an all-electric drive is very much dependent on driving style. The BMW i3 Coupe Concept helps the driver to optimize efficiency by choosing an appropriate vehicle set-up. The Driving Experience Control switch on the center console can be used to select the three driving modes, COMFORT, ECO PRO and ECO PRO+, which alters the electric powertrain&#8217;s performance and range. For example, changing from COMFORT to ECO PRO mode can extend the vehicle’s range by as much as 20 percent. BMW predicts that the i3 Coupe Concept will have a range of 100 miles. BMW hasn&#8217;t announced if the i3 Coupe Concept will be produced, but it shows the potential of a possible i3 variant . + BMW    0 print email this email facebook this facebook this  Related Posts Audi Unveils Next-Gen Crosslane Hybrid Coupe Concept at the 2012 Paris Motor Show Audi recently unveiled its brand new Crosslane Hybrid Coupe concept at the 2012 Paris Motor Show. The Crosslane concept is the first vehicle to feature Lexus Unveils Compact LF-CC Hybrid Coupe Concept in Advance of Paris Auto Show Lexus just unveiled the first images of its LF-CC Hybrid Coupe Concept, which will debut with the automaker&#8217;s next-generation hybrid powertrain at the 2012 Paris Sexy Hyundai i-oniq Hybrid Concept to Debut at the Geneva Motor Show Hyundai just gave us a sneak peek of its latest eco concept car, which will be debuting next week at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show. LEAVE A COMMENT <p>Please keep your comments relevant to this blog entry. <strong>Email addresses are never displayed, but they are required to confirm your comments.</strong></p><p>Please note that gratuitous links to your site are viewed as spam and may result in removed comments.</p>  Connect with: or your inhabitat account below NEW USER Username: E-mail: Sign me up for weekly Inhabitat updates CURRENT USERS LOGIN Username: Password: Remember Me Lost your password? Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Let's make sure you're a real person:  Featured Author Marc Carter 283 articles RECENT ARTICLES BMW X5 eDrive Concept Debuts with a Plug-in Hybrid System Land Rover Unveils First Range Rover Hybrids Tesla Model S Beats Crash Tests to Achieve Highest NHTSA Safety Rating of Any Car Ever Tested Ford Lowers 2013 C-MAX EPA Rating to 43 MPG, Customers Offered Rebates This author's twitter feed is currently unavailable. Please try again later. Read Inhabitat Architecture RSS Architecture &gt; Landscape RSS Landscape &gt; Interiors RSS Interiors &gt; Furniture RSS Furniture &gt; Products RSS Products &gt; Gadgets RSS Gadgets &gt; Fashion RSS Fashion &gt; Graphics RSS Graphics &gt; Transportation RSS Transportation &gt; Energy RSS Energy &gt; Search Categories Browse By Category &#8220;april fools&#8221; 2006 Holiday Gift Guide 2007 Holiday Gift Guide 2008 Holiday Gift Guide 2009 Holiday Gift Guide 2010 Holiday Gift Guide 2011 Green Holiday Gift Guide 2012 Holiday Gift Guide 3d Printing Accessories and Fashion Air quality Animals Announcements Architecture Art Ask a Tech Geek ASK INHABITAT automotive back to school Best of 2010 Best of 2011 Bicycles biomimicry BKLYN Designs Blog links Books Botanical Bright Ideas California Modern Home Tour Cargotecture carousel showcase CES clean tech Conservation Contests Contribute Daylighting Decorative Objects Design for Health Detroit Auto Show Disaster-proof design DIY Eco Textiles Eco Tourism Eco Travel Eco-Inspiration Ecouterre Electric Cars energy efficiency environmental destruction Fall Green Fashion Week 2007 Features Film Floating Houses gallery Gardening Giveaway global development global warming Green Appliances Green Business Green Design Competitions Green Design Events Green Events green furniture green gadgets Green Graphics &amp; Packaging Green Guide to Prefab Green Halloween Green Holidays Green Home 101 Green Home decor Green Home Expert Series green Interiors Green Jobs Green Kitchen Green Lighting Green Lighting Green Lighting 101 Green Materials green packaging green pets Green Product Review Green Products Green Rant Green Real Estate Green renovation Green Resources green roof Green Talks green technology Green Transportation GreenBuilding 101 Greener Gadgets Greenwashing GreenWeddingGuide Holiday Gift Guide How To Human Relief Efforts humanitarian design ICFF ICFF 2008 icff 2009 Inhabitat writers Inhabitots Interactive Objects Interviews is it green Kinetic Energy Landscape Architecture Lighten Up! London London Design Week London Design Week 2007 London Design Week 2008 Los Angeles Milan Furniture Fair Modern Kids Modern Pets New York Auto Show New York City new york design week New York Design Week 2009 News NY Design Week 2008 NY Design Week 2009 NYDesignWeek2007 Olympics packaging-the-future Photography Policy Politics Poo Power! postopolis Prefab Housing Project Earth Day Eco-Fashion Reader Submitted Content Recycled Materials Recycling / Compost Recycling initiatives Renewable Energy Resilient Design San Francisco social design social media social responsibility Solar Decathlon Solar Decathlon 2007 Solar Power sponsored Sustainable Building Sustainable Design Organizations Sustainable Food Sustainable Materials sustainable style sundays T-Shirt Competition The Biomimicry Manual Tiny Homes Transforming Furniture TransportationTuesday Treehouses Uncategorized Urban design Urban farming Vertical Garden Video Water Issues Wearable Art Wearable Technology webcast Wind Power Zero energy Browse By Date August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 Recent Posts  Leonardo Criolani's Broken Cymbal Lamps Will Bring a Rock 'n Roll Edge to Any Room New Vocativ Video Depicts Life in the World's Tallest Slum in Caracas, Venezuela Elon Musk Claims the Iron Man Hologram UI Can Be Built—and He Might Just Be the One to Build It  Recent Comments ... I find that investing in eco friendly stuff is always ... So those omni-tools are not that far off after all.... Browse by Keyword "sustainable architecture" eco design green architecture Green Building green design green transportation Recycled Materials Solar Power Sustainable Building sustainable design get the free Inhabitat newsletter [if IE]><style type="text/css" media="screen">#mc_embed_signup fieldset {position: relative;}#mc_embed_signup legend {position: absolute;top: -1em;left: .2em;}</style><![endif] [if IE]><style type="text/css" media="screen">#mc_embed_signup fieldset {position: relative;}#mc_embed_signup legend {position: absolute; top: -1em; left: .2em;}</style><![endif] [if IE 7]><style type="text/css" media="screen">.mc-field-group {overflow:visible;}</style><![endif] get the free Inhabitat newsletter Email Address * First Name * Last Name * I'm interested in ... San Francisco events and information London events and information New York events and information Los Angeles events and information Close follow inhabitat on: Inhabitat Facebook Inhabitat Twitter Inhabitat RSS Inhabitat Flickr HOW TO: Bake Easy Bread At Home With Inhabitat's Preschool Baker Petey Rojas 6 Smart Home Products Which Will Cut Your Energy Bill local news upcoming events new listings READ MORE > Beautiful Harvest Dome Constructed from 450 Found Umbrellas Floats Atop NYC Waterways Schachter and Levi met their $7,500 goal in March and have spent the time since rebuilding an improved Harvest Dome with a team of local interns. With the help of a barge, a tug boat, and the local canoe club, the delicate orb was anchored into place at the READ MORE > Sorg Architects’ Rockaways Water Dyke Concept Harnesses Surge Waters Themselves to Fight Flooding Earlier this March, MoMA PS1 challenged designers to rebuild the Hurricane Sandy-battered Far Rockaways in a more resilient way, and many of the responses were truly innovative. One of the winning designs, by Sorg Architects, is a boardwalk that doubles as READ MORE > EXPO Colony: MoMA PS1's Pop-Up Mini Civilization Hosts Artists in Recycled Trailers and Tents Part of MoMA's EXPO 1 series exploring "ecological challenges in the context of the economic and socio-political instability of the early 21st century", EXPO Colony focuses in specifically on the need for temporary housing that might arise from damage caused READ MORE > Win a $1,000 Piece of Transforming Furniture + MCNY Extends Popular Micro Apartment Exhibit If you're a fan of the micro-apartment frenzy that's hit NYC, here’s a chance to bring a piece of the tiny housing revolution into your own home. In celebration of its hugely popular ‘Making Room’ exhibit, the Museum of the City of New York has announced READ MORE > NYC "Human Kennel" Hotel Offers 7x5-ft. Cells, Er, Rooms for $10 a Night Located at 140 Hester Street, Sun Bright Hotel is a single-occupancy hotel (though calling it a hotel is a bit of a stretch) that caters mostly to men. According to Yelp reviewers, who collectively give the Sun Bright a 2 out of 5 star rating, some of the READ MORE > Plans to Bring New Waterfront Park and Residential Buildings to Astoria Move Forward Astoria's waterfront is about to undergo a massive green makeover. The City Planning Commission recently voted unanimously to rezone industrial areas in the Queens nabe into residential space, giving the Lincoln Equities Group a green light to redevelop part READ MORE > Archtober: Brace Yourselves for a Month-Long Celebration of New York Architecture and Design The third annual Architecture and Design Month is coming New York City this October. Rechristening the tenth month of the year as Archtober, it will be a month-long festival of architecture activities, programs and exhibitions all over New York City. The celebration READ MORE > INTERVIEW: Inhabitat Visits Urban Chandy Founder and Designer Cassidy Brush in Her Brooklyn Studio Back in May, Inhabitat discovered a cool new designer showing off her incredible recycled hanging chandeliers at BKLYN Designs 2013. Called Urban Chandies, these gorgeous lighting fixtures are as green as they get - handmade locally and employing scrap materials READ MORE > HONEY FEST 2013 Invites New Yorkers to Sample 100% Local NYC Honey Exciting news for beelovers - Brooklyn Grange and Rockaway eatery Rippers are joining forces to throw the third annual NYC Honey Fest on September 7th! This super-sweet event is a celebration of urban beekeepers and bees from all around the city. Visitors READ MORE > La Poubelle Brings Vintage Shopping to NYC Streets in a Cute 1970s Trailer A customer browses through some of La Poubelle's colorful offerings.Laura Lanz-Frolio started La Poubelle (which means trash can in French) as a small Etsy shop, but then decided to recreate her online store as a mobile experience after seeing the success READ MORE > Queens' 5 Pointz Graffiti Mecca Moves One Step Closer To Demolition In early 2012, Inhabitat reported that 5 Pointz, a Long Island City community icon and haven for graffiti artists, was slated for demolition. The building, a former record needle and clothing manufacturing facility, has served as a blank canvas for artists READ MORE > MNA Decks Out Patagonia's New Meatpacking Store with Locally Sourced, Reclaimed Materials Patagonia Meatpacking is the brand's first climbing store since its early days in the 1970s and features gear for activities from bouldering to technical-alpine climbing. The climbing-specific store, which opened in February, was created as a response to New more news > 10/5/2013 - Gowanus Gatsby, a Flapper Fête featuring the Michael Arenella Quintet 55 9th St, Brooklyn, NY 11215 11/15/2013 - November C2C Innovation Celebration IAC Building, 555 West 18th St., New York, NY 10011 more events > READ MORE > Holistic Spaces  Anjie Cho Architect provides interior design and architectural services, with a focus on feng shui and green design. Anjie is a registered New York State Architect, LEED Accredited Professional, and practices BTB Feng Shui. For over a decade, she has been READ MORE > Forest Hills Greenmarket  One of the newest Greenmarkets in NYC, the Forest Hills farmers market boasts a variety of locally grown, fresh products. Throughout the season, the market will offer free cooking demonstrations, kids activities, and the opportunity to mingle with neighbors, READ MORE > Village Preschool Center  The Village Preschool Center's teaching approach utilizes the best of what is known today in the field of Early Childhood Education, including Montessori, Reggio Emilia and Bank Street. They emphasize the importance of observing the children and following READ MORE > SHREDability  Shredability is a unique secure document destruction company employing people with disabilities and working to keep our planet green by recycling all paper into post-consumer products. Shredability is a AAA NAID Certified business that understands the risks READ MORE > Hale Organic Salon  Hale is a new organic salon in the Tribeca neighborhood of NYC that's working to bring New Yorkers great hair styling in a chemical and attitude free environment. Founded by Joe Murray, formerly of John Masters Organics Salon in Soho, Hale has a sealed-off READ MORE > Build it Green! NYC Gowanus  Founded in 2004, Build It Green NYC claims to be the only NYC non-profit retail outlet that stocks salvaged and surplus building materials, in an effort to keep these items out of landfills. They offer large household appliances, lighting, flooring, windows, READ MORE > Queens Botanical Garden  While many New Yorkers don't even know of its existence, the Queens Botanical Garden's Visitor &amp; Administration Building, designed by Manhattan-based BKSK Architects is one of the most accessible (not to mention absolutely lovely) examples of eco architecture READ MORE > Ozone Park CSA  Ozone Park CSA is a non-profit all-volunteer, neighborhood-based group, managed and organized by its members. Our mission is to bring fresh, local, organic produce to the neighborhood at a low cost. Each week our farmers in upstate New York bring seasonal READ MORE > The Park Preschool  The Park Preschool and The Barclay Street School serve children from two years of age to five years of age. The belief that children learn through play is the guiding principle The Park Preschool was founded on and has maintained since its inception in READ MORE > Chelsea Day School  The mission of Chelsea Day School is to nurture and guide each child's development, physically, socially, emotionally and intellectually, in an environment where learning unfolds through play and exploration. Creativity and artistic expression are highly valued READ MORE > CP Kids Early Childhood at Chelsea Piers READ MORE > The Downtown Little School  The Downtown Little School offers a pre-school program for young children that emphasizes social and emotional growth, while giving careful attention to cognitive and physical development. They offer an individualized program that supports the strengths and more listings >  popular today all time most commented  3 Comments > IKEA's Augmented Reality 2014 Catalog Lets You Preview Products in Your Apartment!  Instead of trekking down to the IKEA showroom with your measuring tape, camera, and color&hellip; 7 Comments > MIT Developing Ionic Wind Thrusters as Efficient Alternative to Jet Engines  Ion thruster photo from NASAA team from MIT is working on developing ionic wind&hellip; 53 Comments > HOW TO: Grow an Avocado Tree from an Avocado Pit  Avocados are one of the wonderful fruits of summer. High in nutrition and flavor, nothing&hellip; 6 Comments > Mishak Henner's Apocalyptic Photos Show How Factory Farming is Destroying The American Landscape  The images, discovered by Henner while researching satellite photographs of oil fields,&hellip; 1 Comments > 7 DIY Face Masks for Gorgeous Spring and Summer Skin  These DIY masks can work wonders for a variety of skin issues—from dry, cracked cheeks&hellip; 126 Comments > 19-Year-Old Develops Ocean Cleanup Array That Could Remove 7,250,000 Tons Of Plastic From the World's Oceans  19-year-old Boyan Slat has unveiled plans to create an Ocean Cleanup Array that could&hellip; 8 Comments > Costa Rica is Closing its Zoos and Freeing All Captive Animals  Image via ShutterstockCosta Rica just announced that it will become the first country&hellip; 1 Comments > LEGO's New Architecture Studio Design Toolkit Brings Out Your Inner Builder—and Inner Child  LEGO just unveiled its new LEGO Architecture Studio design toolkit which could help bring&hellip; 1 Comments > MINI Unveils Three of the World's Tiniest Luxury Campers  The MINI Clubvan Camper, the Cowley and the MINI Countryman ALL4 Camp can get you to your&hellip; 2 Comments > How will Elon Musk's 600mph Hyperloop Train Work?  Billionaire inventor and entrepreneur Elon Musk wants to transport you from Los Angeles to&hellip; 2 Comments > Martin Aircraft Unveils World's First "Practical" Jetpack  The jetpack is the quintessential mode of futuristic transportation - and if all goes well&hellip; 10 Comments > Coca-Cola Launches "Natural, Healthy" Coca-Cola Life Soda  Coca-Cola has launched a new "natural" and “healthy” soda line called Coca-Cola Life.&hellip; more popular stories > 126 Comments > 19-Year-Old Develops Ocean Cleanup Array That Could Remove 7,250,000 Tons Of Plastic From the World's Oceans  19-year-old Boyan Slat has unveiled plans to create an Ocean Cleanup Array that could&hellip; 53 Comments > HOW TO: Grow an Avocado Tree from an Avocado Pit  Avocados are one of the wonderful fruits of summer. High in nutrition and flavor, nothing&hellip; 27 Comments > Tiny Off-Grid Cabin in Maine is Completely Self-Sustaining  A project 30 years in the making, this tiny off-grid retreat on a coastal island in Maine&hellip; 39 Comments > Ingenious Cardboard Packaging Folds to Fit Parcels of Any Shape  Excessive packaging is one of our top pet peeves here at Inhabitat, so we were really&hellip; 83 Comments > World's Largest and Most Expensive Family Home Completed  The “Greenest of All Buildings” was recently completed in Mumbai, India and we&hellip; 83 Comments > 13-Year-Old Makes Solar Power Breakthrough by Harnessing the Fibonacci Sequence  //While most 13-year-olds spend their free time playing video games or cruising&hellip; 61 Comments > HEINEKEN WOBO: A Beer Bottle That Doubles as a Brick  Mr. Heineken’s idea came after a visit to the Caribbean where he saw two problems:&hellip; 33 Comments > Zero-Energy Bio Refrigerator Cools Your Food With Future Gel  In a valiant effort to rethink the ubiquitous refrigerator -- which has seen few design&hellip; 9 Comments > Dilapidated 18th Century Church Transformed Into a Private Home  Adaptive reuse projects generally call to mind industrial warehouses and factories turned&hellip; 54 Comments > Top 5 Tiniest Prefab Homes  1. WEEHOUSEAt just $125 per square foot, the WeeHouse is a single module that can be&hellip; 3 Comments > Top Gear Bravely Tests World's Smallest Car on England's Hectic A3 Highway  Jeremy Clarkson takes the world's smallest car for a terrifying test drive on England's&hellip; 3 Comments > IKEA's Augmented Reality 2014 Catalog Lets You Preview Products in Your Apartment!  Instead of trekking down to the IKEA showroom with your measuring tape, camera, and color&hellip; more popular stories > 2002 Comments > Win an iPad and Matching Eco Case (worth $549)  MAKE SAVING TREES SEXY and WIN AN IPAD!Hoping to catch up on your summer reading&hellip; 411 Comments > BACK TO SCHOOL GIVEAWAY: Enter to Win a HP Pavilion dv6 Laptop and Green Prize Package (Worth $1155!)  While no one likes to bid adieu to summer, if you're a student gearing up to go back to&hellip; 385 Comments > GREEN MY RIDE: Win a Brand New 7-Speed Linus Scout Bicycle + Accessories (Worth $645!)  The sun is out, the weather is warm, and the days are longer than ever — and pedaling&hellip; 364 Comments > LAST CHANCE to Win a Shiny New Linus Bike and Bike Bag (worth $730) for Earth Day!  To get everyone excited about making every day Earth Day, we've teamed up with Linus Bikes&hellip; 350 Comments > WIN a Beautiful ANDREA Houseplant Air Purifier (worth $195)! Want to clean and freshen the air in your home using the power of plants?We've been in&hellip; 280 Comments > LAST CHANCE: Enter to Win a Voltaic Laptop-Charging Solar Backpack Filled With Green School Supplies (Worth $500)!  Heads up students! September is just one week away and school bells are already ringing in&hellip; 275 Comments > GIVEAWAY: Enter to Win a Sloan AQUS Grey Water Toilet System That Recycles Your Sink Water (Worth $189)!  Win a Sloan AQUS Grey Water System!Saving water is one of the most important things we&hellip; 247 Comments > GIVEAWAY: Win a Year's Supply of Eco Goodie-Boxes (worth $450) from Lost Crates  Lost Crates is a unique new care package subscription service that delivers curated&hellip; 228 Comments > Enter to Win a SAYL Task Chair from Herman Miller (Worth $749)!  HAPPY EARTH THURSDAY INHABITAT READERS!If you've been reading Inhabitat, you know that&hellip; 221 Comments > Win a Basket of Method Cleaning Products and a Casabella Cleaning System (Worth $100)!  HAPPY EARTH MONDAY INHABITAT READERS!To kick off our exciting Earth Week Giveaway,&hellip; 187 Comments > Win an Eco Lounge Chair and the Ultimate Green Summer Picnic Set!  The Fourth of July is right around the corner, and we can't wait to spend some time&hellip; 183 Comments > LAST CHANCE: Pin Your Favorite Lamps.com Lighting Fixture and Win $250 to Spend at Their Store!  LAST CHANCE TO PIN IT TO WIN IT!From sparkling pendants to swinging LED wall sconces&hellip; more popular stories > What are you looking for? (Solar, HVAC, etc.) Where are you located?  Bridgette Meinhold INTERVIEW: Artist R Nelson Parrish Talks About His Eye-Popping Bioresin Color/Fast Installation INHABITAT: How does the term Colorfast describe your latest show?R Nelson Parrish: The term Colorfast originally is a textile industry term derived at the beginning of the last century. It defines how a color cannot fade, wash out, or be diluted over time, READ MORE > Andrew Michler INHABITAT INTERVIEW: Green Architect &amp; Cradle to Cradle Founder William McDonough INHABITAT: What inspired you to write 'Cradle to Cradle' (the book) and launch the Cradle to Cradle system?William McDonough: From an early age, I was fascinated by differing attitudes towards resources. Growing up in Japan and Hong Kong, I was given my READ MORE > Bridgette Meinhold INHABITAT INTERVIEW: Waterstudio's Koen Olthuis on FLOAT! Photocredits: Architect Koen Olthuis - Waterstudio.NL and Pieter KersFLOAT! is a beautiful volume that explores the world of floating architecture through historic, current, and future developments as well as the technologies behind them. Eye-catching READ MORE > Jill Fehrenbacher HOW TO: Make Homemade, Healthy, Organic Popsicles To Beat the Heat! This summer's been one of the hottest yet, but if you're already sweating from the intense heat, you can rest easy -- I've got a sweet, refreshing treat that is sure too cool you down! Popsicles are a delightful and refreshing staple for the summer season, READ MORE > Jill Fehrenbacher 5 Tips to Make Your Home Safe, Green & Healthy from Zem Joaquin You've all heard the tired mantras about changing your lightbulbs and recycling at home in order to save the planet - are you yawning yet? Many consumers think that going green is a gesture of self-sacrifice that often comes at great expense and inconvenience READ MORE > Jill Fehrenbacher 5 Tips to Green Your Home From Organic Architect Eric Corey Freed TIP 1: Wrap Your Home in Insulation - "The More, The Better!"Proper insulation is probably the most important factor you can control in creating an energy-efficient home. I always say insulation is like chocolate, the more you have, the better! On average, READ MORE > Kestrel Jenkins 5 Tips for a Green Home Remodel from Eco Architect Sarah Susanka While conjuring up comfort in the home seems like a basic principle, it’s a far more complex process for architect &amp; remodeling guru Sarah Susanka, who believes that comfort can significantly influence the sustainability of your personal abode. With READ MORE > Diane Pham 5 Tips to Cut Your Electricity Bill With Energy Efficiency Expert David Johnston Cutting back on your energy usage is one of the best ways to bring down your electricity bill. But did you know that making simple changes to not just your wattage consumption but the way your home retains and expels air can dramatically transform the way READ MORE > Yuka Yoneda VIDEO: Inhabitat Lighting Makeover - Inhabitots Editor Julie Seguss Gets a Money-Saving Light Bulb Overhaul If you read our enlightening &#8220;how to switch to LED bulbs&#8221; tutorial, you&#8217;ve hopefully already seen how much money and energy you can save by replacing your incandescent bulbs, but we wanted to make it even clearer how easy and effective a home light bulb makeover can be. We headed over to Brooklyn to give [...] READ MORE > Yuka Yoneda 6 Natural Hangover Remedies to Cure What Ails Ya on New Year's Day BANANASYou might have heard that bananas are favored by athletes because they contain potassium and it's that same reason that makes them great hangover cures. When you're hungover, your body has lost a lot of potassium that needs to be replenished, so eating READ MORE > Jill Fehrenbacher HOW TO: Green Your Christmas Tree Christmas trees are one of the most enjoyable traditions of the holiday season, and there are lots of easy ways to go green with your Christmas tree: from using living potted Christmas trees, to recycled cardboard trees, to buying LED Xmas lights. After READ MORE > Jill Fehrenbacher HOW TO: Grow an Avocado Tree from an Avocado Pit Avocados are one of the wonderful fruits of summer. High in nutrition and flavor, nothing signals the start of summer like a zesty lime guacamole dip with tortilla chips. The next time you’re making guacamole or slicing an avocado for a salad, try saving READ MORE > more inhabitat authors >   &copy; Inhabitat.com 2013 | About Inhabitat | Contact Us | Advertising with Inhabitat | Terms Of Use | Privacy Policy | Inhabitat, LLC 