 Auto  Repair Shops - Car Care Centers  Free Auto Inspection Locations across the USA Locate  a Lee Myles Car Care and Auto Repair Service Center  Near You Or  Select Your State Below  Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Florida Kentucky Maryland Massachusetts Minnesota New Jersey New York Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Washington West Virginia Franchise  Opportunity Why  Trust Your Auto Repair and Car Care to the Experts at Lee  Myles? Honesty, Integrity and Complete Customer  Satisfaction People  often wonder, &quot;Where can I find dependable and trustworthy auto repair and car care services &quot;. It's a real problem for most car  owners now adays. The problem is not only trusting that  the auto mechanic or automotive  repair shop is honest, but whether they are competent  and knowledgeable professionals that stand behind their  work. The  training for the present day automotive technician  must feature both mechanical and electrical disciplines.That  means their knowledge base must be broader and more expansive  than ever before. Automotive service centers  that employ and are willing to pay for this talent are getting  harder to find. Lee  Myles Transmissions &amp; AutoCare has been serving  the public since 1947. We are one of the oldest and most trusted  names in Transmission services , auto repair  and car care in the USA. Our nation wide network of quality  automotive technicians are perpetually engaged in continuing  education regardless of previous experience and we are proud  of our continuing heratige of &quot;Honesty, Integrity and Complete  Customer Satisfaction&quot;. Since  1947 - Nobody knows Transmissions and Auto Repair Better ! Our motto is &quot;Customers  for Life&quot; and it shows in what we do.  You can trust your auto repair and car care to the experts at  Lee Myles ! WHAT  WE DO... Automatic  and Standard Transmission Services, Repairs and Rebuilds Auto  Repair - Car Care and Free Auto Inspections Clutches  and Differentials Transfer  Cases and CV Axles Foreign  or Domestic Trucks,  Vans, 4X4's, RV's And  Much More... Much More Than Just Transmissions Honest and Dependable  Car Care and  Auto Repair Services Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Lee Myles Transmissons and AutoCare  | Automotive Franchise Opportunity Franchise Information Blog Link Exchange  | More Links Free Auto Inspections Auto Repair and Car Care Centers Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Florida Kentucky Maryland Massachusetts Minnesota New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Texas Washington West Virginia New Franchise Markets Alabama Delaware Georgia Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Louisiana Maine Michigan Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico North Carolina North Dakota Oaklahoma Ohio Oregon Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Utah Vermont Virginia Washington DC Wisconsin Wyoming &copy;Lee  Myles TRANSMISSIONS &amp; AutoCare - Auto Repair - Car Care  - Free Auto Inspections Internet Marketing - Web Design - Web Hosting &amp; SEO Services 