 Enter your search terms Maps &amp; Directions Libraries Directories A-Z Index Emergency Alumni &amp; Friends Workforce Dev &amp; Continuing Ed Faculty &amp; Staff Unique Populations Majors &amp; Classes Admissions Cost &amp; Financial Aid Student Life News &amp; Events Counseling &amp; Advising About MC Arts &amp; Entertainment Related Links Calendar of Events Maps &amp; Directions Visiting MC Montgomery College boasts artistic and cultural events that are open to all students, faculty, and members of the community for participation and enjoyment. Our theatres, galleries and concert halls are among the area’s finest venues offering performances and exhibitions of work from within the college community and beyond. Theatre    Cultural Arts Center at Silver Spring Montgomery College's Cultural Arts Center is located on the Takoma Park/Silver Spring campus at 7995 Georgia Avenue in Silver Spring, Maryland. Featured series include: Arts Alive, Arts Alive Children, World Music, and Faculty Concert Series.   Robert E. Parilla Performing Arts Center In addition to performances, art exhibits and concerts presented by talented students and faculty, the Performing Arts Center plays host to notable entertainers each year. From the wise and insightful comedy of Bill Cosby to the showcase of Branford Marsalis’ mastery of jazz and classical music, the Center boasts a distinguished list of performers. Black Box Theatre Our black box theatre on the Takoma Park/Silver Spring campus features a wide variety of performances throughout the year with student and community actors.   Summer Dinner Theatre Students accepted into the Summer Dinner Theatre course work on all aspects of musical theater production. Together with the artistic staff, they stage two engaging musical productions in a dinner theater format. The community is invited to join us for a delicious buffet dinner before the show with food service also provided by the students. Ticket information   Music College Music Concert Series Throughout the year, students showcase their musical talents as part of our College Music Concert Series. Our ensembles fill the hall with jazz, wind and flute, symphony and choral music. These performances are open to the public and admission is free. Music Ensembles Our music department welcomes participation from students and members of the community. Pursue your passion for music by auditioning for one of our ensembles. Montgomery College Music Opportunities Symphony Orchestra Chorus Chamber Singers Jazz Ensemble Wind Ensemble Flute Ensemble World Ensemble Art Galleries Art students at Montgomery College find themselves well prepared as they move on to four-year schools from our programs. Nowhere is this more evident than the walls and display cases of the many art galleries on each of our campuses. These galleries are open to the public to enjoy and explore. We also bring in special shows throughout the year to compliment the work on regular display. Find out more about the galleries on each campus. Rockville Germantown Takoma Park/Silver Spring Student Life Student Life Offices Germantown Rockville Takoma Park/Silver Spring Campus Life Arts &amp; Entertainment Clubs &amp; Organizations Academic Support Centers Athletics &amp; Intramural Sports Service Learning &amp; Volunteerism Student &amp; Campus Diversity Diversity at MC Campus Resources Bookstores Facilities Food Services Emergency Procedures Student Employment Services MC Student Code of Conduct About MC Upcoming Events Writing Center Workshop (GT): Microsoft Word Basics Writing Center Workshop (GT): Microsoft Word Intermediate Women's Tennis Interest Meeting Academic Calendar Event Calendar Follow Us Facebook YouTube Flickr Podcasts RSS Feeds Twitter Blog MC Connect Back to Top Login Montgomery College, Endless Possibilities, 240-567-5000 | Copyright 2013, Montgomery College Disclaimer Privacy Statement For the Media About MC Official Policies &amp; Documents Web Feedback Jobs Contact Us Annual Security Report (Clery Act) PDF My MC Maps &amp; Directions Libraries Directories A-Z Index Emergency Majors &amp; Classes Majors, A to Z Course Catalog Class Schedule Departments Academic Advising Academic Calendar Institutes &amp; Programs Workforce Development &amp; Continuing Education Transfer Out Admissions Credit Enroll in Credit Courses Assessment &amp; Placement Transfer In Orientation Open House Noncredit Enroll in Noncredit Courses Visiting Maps &amp; Directions Cost &amp; Financial Aid Applying for Aid Tuition Costs Payment Options Scholarships Loans Credit Tuition &amp; Fee Schedule HEOA - Student Consumer Information Student Life Arts &amp; Entertainment Athletics &amp; Intramural Sports Bookstores Pay for Print Printing at MC Clubs &amp; Organizations Events Calendar Diversity at MC Facilities Service Learning &amp; Volunteerism News &amp; Events Academic Calendar Events Calendar For the Media MCTV eRadio Podcasts Counseling &amp; Advising Academic Advising Academic Support Programs Career Services eJobs Personal Counseling Disability Support Services Learning Centers Montgomery College Montgomery County, MD 240-567-5000 &copy;2013, Montgomery College 