  Facebook Twitter RSS Subscriptions About Us WardsAuto InfoBank Help Skip to Navigation Skip to Content WardsAuto Search:  Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close  News &amp; Analysis Auto Makers Dealerships Suppliers By Topic Management/Strategy Plants/Production Politics/Trade Retail Sales/Marketing Supply Chain Vehicles/Technology Vehicle Test Drives By Region World Africa/Middle East Asia Pacific Europe North America South America Newswire Video WardsAuto Video VideoWire Press Releases Data Center Browse Data World Asia Pacific Europe North America South America Other U.S. Only U.S. Sales/Inventory U.S. Production/Installations U.S. Other Search Data Reference Public Data Data Articles Directories Vehicles by Model Supplier Directory Reports/ Magazines 2013 Ward&#039;s 10 Best Engines 2013 WardsAuto Interiors Conference Special Reports by Year 2013 2012 2011 2010 Prior Years WardsAuto World WardsAuto Dealer Business WardsAuto Flashback White Papers Blogs/Community Community Forum: Vehicles &amp; Technology Industry Voices WardsAuto Blogs Counting Cars Final Inspection Retail Front Road Ahead Events Conferences Tradeshows Upcoming Webinars Past Webinars Advertisement  Home &#62; News &amp; Analysis &#62; By Region &#62; Europe &#62; Decline of Car Culture Under Scrutiny in France Decline of Car Culture Under Scrutiny in France Jun. 11, 2013 William Diem |WardsAuto EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Researcher Elisabeth Gouvernal says about 35% of 18- and 19-year-olds had drivers&rsquo; licenses in 1983, but in 2010 only 19% did. Of all segments of the population, only retirees are driving more now than earlier generations did. Autolib EV rental service gaining popularity among Parisians. Related Media French Auto Makers Push New Strategies, Despite Roadblocks France Applies Pressure to Build EV Infrastructure France Pulling Troubled Auto Makers Ahead by Pushing for Electrified Future Advertisement   PARIS &ndash; When they reach their 60s, young French adults today likely will own cars at about half the rate of those who are now in their 60s.  Today, 90% of households in their 60s here own a car, but the BIPE management consultancy expects only 50% ownership when today&rsquo;s young adults reach that age.  Researchers and representatives from French organizations interested in the future of mobility recently testified before the French National Assembly&rsquo;s Office for Evaluating Scientific and Technological Choices, presenting their ideas on how the government can best prepare for the future of individual transportation.  The implications of the hearing weigh heavily on the auto makers.  BIPE Vice President Eric Champarnaud warns that young people&rsquo;s disinterest in car ownership in France is exceeded only by their Japanese counterparts. &ldquo;The young generation is not interested in the product,&rdquo; he says.  Elisabeth Gouvernal, who studies urban life for a French institute, adds more evidence: In 1983, about 35% of 18- and 19-year-olds held a driver&rsquo;s license, but in 2010 only 19% did. Of all segments of the population, only retirees are driving more now than earlier generations.  &ldquo;People are looking at mobility differently,&rdquo; she says, &ldquo;and the auto makers have to take note of that.&rdquo; PSA Peugeot Citroen spokesman Claude-Jean Couderc contends young people still dream of car ownership, citing the steady sales increases of BMW and Mercedes-Benz as an example.  Gabriel Plassat of the French research institution ADEME agrees young people want a premium car, but they are puting off the purchase of one.  Resistance to private car ownership is strongest in urban France. Research by Dominique Overlot for the legislative committee indicates cars in the country&rsquo;s suburban and rural areas are a necessity. Those areas represent 40% of the population of France but fully half of the kilometers driven countrywide.  &ldquo;People without a car are handicapped,&rdquo; he says, noting that with oil at current prices households spend about 7% of their income on their vehicle. At $200 or $300 a barrel, that could grow to 20%.  The Automobile Club Assn. in France reports that even though they drove less, car owners spent 1.2% more on gasoline and 4.4% more for diesel fuel in 2012 than the prior year.  The group calculates owners of gasoline-powered vehicles drove 8,751 km (5,438 miles) in 2012, 271 km (168 miles) less than prior-year, while diesel owners traveled 15,368 km (9,550 miles), 108 km (67 miles) less than in 2011.  Prices for fuel, insurance, registration and maintenance all rose more than the inflation rate of 2% last year, the association says.  Overlot says hybrid vehicles are one answer to sustainable transportation in rural areas, as are car-sharing, car-pooling and extensive additions to bicycle trails that would let more students get to school safely.  Sharing cars instead of owning them is a growing trend in France that dovetails with younger generations&rsquo; changing attitude toward cars.  &ldquo;Sharing cars is off to a strong start,&rdquo; says Michel Couture, head of electric mobility at the French electric utility EDF. Autolib in Paris and Auto Bleue in Lyon are public systems that rent out EVs for short trips and provide dedicated parking places with rechargers installed.  &ldquo;The No.1 reason people use Autolib or Auto Bleue is that they are sure to be able to park,&rdquo; Couture says. In addition to those systems, some companies have EV fleets for use by employees, which is another form of car-sharing.  France Autopartage is an umbrella organization for 15 operators of car-sharing systems that use conventional vehicles, like Zipcar in the U.S. Some 14,000 members share 700 cars.  Yvon Roche, co-manager of the organization, says each vehicle in a car-sharing operation replaces eight privately owned cars and eliminates the need for nine parking places.  Young people especially have de-coupled car ownership and car use, says Nicolas Louvet, a researcher at PREDIT, a national transportation research laboratory.  Blablacar is a car-pooling service in which people find drivers or passengers to share rides. About one-third of the 600,000 customers who use the service in a year are drivers who announce they are going somewhere, one-third are passengers looking for a driver and one-third are people ready to drive or ride with another.  &ldquo;People do this to save money,&rdquo; company spokeswoman Laure Wagner says.  Mark Tessier d&rsquo;Orfeuil, president of the Ecological Vehicle Club, suggests new apartment buildings in France be required to set aside parking spaces for car-sharing.  Speakers representing cars powered by biofuels, liquefied propane-gas, hydrogen-fuel cell or batteries all argue for support for their methods of achieving sustainable transportation.  Deputy Denis Baupin of the Assembly and Sen. Fabienne Keller, co-conductors of the joint hearing, listen as the speakers complain EVs don&rsquo;t have enough recharging points, hydrogen needs research investment and LPG is struggling.  LPG sells for &euro;3.42/L ($3.42/gallon), far less than gasoline at &euro;1.60/L ($6.08/gallon) or diesel at &euro;1.40/L ($5.32/gallon), says Joel Pedessac, president of CFPB, a LPG distributorship in France.  &ldquo;We have 1,500 stations, representing an investment of &euro;200 million ($264 million),&rdquo; he says. &ldquo;They are being used at a rate of only 5%-6%, and the network is still not profitable.&rdquo;  Pedessac asks the government to keep LPG in its planning and that it raise the diesel-fuel tax, saying that would make LPG more attractive to consumers.  The pressure on auto makers is clear. Car sales are falling and the technical solutions to reducing fuel consumption are expensive.  Emerging markets are expanding rapidly and their young people still dream of car ownership, but that too will end one day, sociologist Bruno Marzloff says. So while cars will remain for a long time, government should prepare to help auto makers handle a gloomy future.  &ldquo;Everybody agrees there is a problem of jobs,&rdquo; he says. &ldquo;The question is, how can we manage the decline? Transportation services won&rsquo;t absorb it all.&rdquo; Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles French Auto Makers Buoyed by Q1 8.9% Gain CNG, LPG Popular Alternative Fuels Outside of U.S. Biofuels Hit Political Snag, French Researchers Say French Sales in August Reflect Summer Doldrums Oz Must Change Transport Fuel Mix, New Report Warns  Related Resources  Editor&#039;s PIcks Aug. 23, 2013 Article WardsAuto Audi, Mercedes Step Up U.S. Diesel Push Several new diesel vehicles are entering the U.S. market, including five Audis and the Mercedes E250 sedan. A University of Michigan study finds favorable long-term cost of ownership for diesels.... More  Aug. 26, 2013 Article WardsAuto Strikes Slash Hyundai 2013 Output by 102,000 Units Production losses dating back to April are the highest from a strike action the auto maker has ever sustained within one year.... More  Aug. 23, 2013 Article WardsAuto Ford Oz Blames Tax Change for Production Rollbacks The auto maker says six of 12 down days over the next two months stem from reduced demand in the wake of government changes to the fringe-benefit tax rules.... More  Aug. 22, 2013 Article WardsAuto Toyota’s New 2013 Sales Target for Corolla Rides on New Model Despite new highly acclaimed segment offerings such as the Chevy Cruze, Ford Focus, Hyundai Elantra and Kia Forte, a top U.S. executive is confident the new Corolla can command 330,000 deliveries in 2014.... More  Aug. 22, 2013 Article WardsAuto Ford Dirt-Detection Technology Improves Paint Process High-resolution images – 3,150 are captured in 15 seconds on every vehicle – are stitched together for a full 3-dimensional image that is compared with a perfect computer model.... More Click here for more News &amp; Anlaysis WardsAuto editors&#39; blog offering insights on the global auto industry. Advertisement  WardsAuto Blogs Aug. 26, 2013 blog Big Oil Has Better Lobby The CAFE standard quickly is becoming a carbon-dioxide emissions rule. The fastest way to cut CO2 emissions is to reduce the amount of carbon in fuel, through ethanol blends. Auto makers need to craft a strategy that puts the onus on the oil industry to carry the load.... More  Aug. 22, 2013 blog Competing Spurs Overreaching No manufacturer sets out to deliberately harm or deceive customers, but there may be a tendency to stretch things.... More  Aug. 16, 2013 blog Banged Up Dream Cruiser Gets Another Chance Another restoration project is about to get under way. Expect it to involve a certain Dearborn pony car that has a milestone birthday next year.... More  Aug. 12, 2013 blog Light-Duty Diesels Ready for Prime Time The only thing wrong with diesels is the technology was invented in 1893. If it had been developed by Elon Musk last year, Congress would be mandating auto makers to offer diesel engines in passenger cars.... More  Aug. 5, 2013 blog Dick Dauch Remembered Industry veteran Dauch started his automotive career at General Motors in 1964, and he was only 30 when he was selected to manage one of its largest plants. Stints at Volkswagen and Chrysler followed, prior to the creation of American Axle from some GM cast-off plants in Detroit.... More WardsAuto Blog page... Advertisement Nissan recently dropped the Altima Coupe from its lineup, leaving the Honda Accord as the only midsize 2-door offered in the U.S. What’s the No.1 reason midsize coupes have fallen out of favor? View all polls Advent of stylish, more practical 4-door coupes Better coupe alternatives with smaller cars Higher insurance premiums CUV craze leaving little market room for midsize 2-doors Styling too bland Performance credentials lacking  Hot Topic Autonomous Vehicles: Analysis and coverage of issues and technologies related to self-driving cars. Aug. 7, 2013 Article WardsAuto Automotive Electronics Moving at Lightning Speed Transformations will occur in the major categories of vehicle components and systems, a strategist from auto supplier Dana says.... More  Aug. 7, 2013 Article WardsAuto Traffic on Road to Automated Driving May Be Heavy 1 A consumer survey shows traditional auto makers are the overall preferred developers of autonomous vehicles, but younger respondents choose high-tech companies.... More  Aug. 6, 2013 Article WardsAuto Lots to Like About Automated Cars, But Hurdles Ahead “If driver error isn’t there, lanes become narrower, merge distances become shorter, curves are more compact, because the (automated) cars know how to drive them,” says the director of MDOT.... More  Aug. 5, 2013 Article WardsAuto Camera Technology Monitors Where Driver is Looking By remembering the contours of the driver’s face, the camera-based system could adjust the car’s seats, lighting and preferences for adaptive-cruise-control settings.... More  Aug. 5, 2013 Article WardsAuto Delphi Onboard With Autonomous Cars The supplier has active-safety contracts with Ford, Volvo and Hyundai, and the head of the Electronics and Safety division sees the future need for additional manufacturing capacity.... More  Jul. 23, 2013 Article WardsAuto Experts Share Visions of Autonomous Vehicles’ Future A panel of experts says the automation of both steering and adaptive cruise control is being achieved in cars such as the Mercedes S-Class. Fully autonomous urban cars could arrive as early as 2017 and as late as 2030.... More  Jul. 18, 2013 Article WardsAuto New Mercedes S-Class Claims Many World Firsts From a perfuming system to self-driving features, Mercedes’ new flagship demonstrates how far auto makers now have to reach to impress luxury car purchasers.... More More related: Vehicles &amp; Technology  Advertisement Advertisement  Advertisement  Key Content For: Analysts Dealers Engineers Marketers Product Planners Suppliers Media Center Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Advertising Contact Subscriptions Privacy Statement Terms of Use Wards AutoInfoBank Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search: Penton Media  News & Analysis Newswire VideoWire Press Releases Retail Technology Test Drives Data Center Latest Key Data N.A. Production Forecast U.S. Light Vehicle Sales U.S. Sales Forecast World Vehicle Sales Research Engine Specs Interelationships Product Programs Vehicle Directory WardsAuto InfoBank World Assembly Plants Ward's Programs 10 Best Engines 10 Best Interiors Dealer 500 MegaDealer 100 e-Dealer 100 Magazines WardsAuto World WardsAuto Dealer Business Events 10 Best Engines WardsAuto Interiors Conference Special Reports Year in Review Survival of the Fittest - EV Dealer Summit Community Counting Cars Blog Facebook Feeds Copyright &copy;2013 Penton  Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) &times;  