 Performance Automotive More Parts, More Choices- in stock at great prices! Home: Auto Parts Locations and Hours Automotive Machine Shop search skip to content &darr; Home Uncategorized  Home: Auto Parts YOUR choice for Auto Parts in Jackson, Adrian, Albion, and Tecumseh, MI. Performance Automotive Jackson MI: Auto Parts Super Store 517-783-2627 Hours: Mon-Sat 8-9, Sun 9-5 3300 E. Michigan Ave, Jackson, MI Performance Automotive Jackson MI: Auto Parts Jackson South Store 517-787-2886 Hours: M-F 8-8, Sat 8-6, Sun 9-5 317 W Prospect St, Jackson, MI 49203 Performance Automotive Albion MI: Auto Parts Store 517-629-9146 Hours: Mon-Fri 8-6, Sat 8-4, Closed Sunday 309 S. Superior St, Albion, MI Performance Automotive Adrian MI: 517-263-4636 Hours:Mon-Fri 8-6, Sat 8-4, Closed Sunday 2400 East US 223, Adrian, MI Performance Automotive Tecumseh MI: Auto Parts Store 517-424-1776 Hours:M-F 8-7, Sat 8-4, Sun 10-2 1111 W. Chicago Blvd, Tecumseh, MI Locally Owned and Operated Auto Parts Stores: We&#8217;re not big business, we&#8217;re part of the community. We supply many of our parts from local suppliers, such as brake calipers, starters, and alternatores, and believe in supporting local jobs and local families. Massive Inventory with More Auto Part Choices in stock: We carry a monstrous selection of auto parts located in our Jackson Auto Parts Warehouse. We carry numerous brands, with choices from quality economy parts to professional level name brands. Multiple Daily Warehouse Auto Part Deliveries: We can get the parts you need often the same or next business day. We have numerous suppliers lined up delivering every weekday to get the part you need, often the same day. We specialize in sourcing those hard to find auto parts that you need! Low, Fair Prices on Auto Parts: Times are hard. Money&#8217;s tight. We utilize our buying power with our store group to bring you low prices. The choice is clear. You&#8217;ve come to the right place for all your automotive needs. Performance Automotive. Call or Stop By Today! Performance Automotive Auto Parts: With a large automotive parts and accessories warehouse located in Jackson, Michigan, Performance Automotive is your leading supplier in Southern Michigan for Auto Parts and Accessories. With auto parts stores located in Albion MI, Adrian MI, Jackson MI, and Tecumseh MI, Performance Automotive is your auto parts store for southern Michigan. If we don&#8217;t have your auto parts in stock in one of our locations, our strong relationships with numerous major auto parts suppliers can often get the auto part you need for your car or truck in one or two business days. Visit or call one of our retail auto parts store locations today, and let our auto parts experts help you keep your vehicle on the road. Brake Parts: All of our auto parts stores in southern Michigan stock all your auto parts needs for brake rotors, brake pads, brake calipers, wheel cylinders, brake hardware, brake drums, and brake shoes.  Performance Automotive now proudly carries Raybestos Brake Parts. We carry Raybestos Rotors, Raybestos Professional Grade and Service Grade Pads, Raybestos Brake Hardware, and Raybestos Brake Hoses and Master Cylinders. Performance Automotive also carries Inwood Brake Pads and Shoes, and our most popular choice is Power Stop&#8217;s Evolution Brake Pads. Wheel Bearings: From economy auto parts to premium auto parts with a lifetime warranty, we have you covered. From hub assemblies with antilock brake sensors to press in wheel bearings, Performance Automotive has the auto parts you need in stock. We feature WBI Hub Assemblies made right here in Michigan with a lifetime warranty, SKF Hub Bearings, and several economy hub and wheel bearings as well as numerous bearing seals. Shocks and Struts: Performance Automotive features Monroe Shocks and Struts. Monroe Shocks and Struts is based right here in southern Michigan. Give Performance Automotive a call or stop by! Performance&#8217;s Auto Parts Specialists can keep your car handling like new. Suspension Parts: We feature Raybestos Chassis as our premier line of chassis components for coil springs, sway bar links, suspension bushings, ball joints, tie rods, idler, and pitman arms.  Raybestos Chassis features low friction and improved engineering to provide a superior product for your application. XRF Chassis components (ball joints, tie rods, etc).  Falcon Suspension parts combine quality with affordability. Featuring a lifetime warranty on our premium brands and 1 year on Falcon, Performance Automotive carries a huge inventory of Chassis Parts to keep your suspension tight and responsive. Electrical: All of Performance&#8217;s Auto Parts stores features Lifetime warranties on all alternators and starters. We also carry Interstate Batteries and Pro Max Batteries to keep your car starting and running properly. Performance Automotive also Carries numerous motorcyle batteries and lawn and garden tractor batteries in stock. High Performance: From Holley to Edelbrock Carbeurators, from Comp Cams to Isky Cams, from Accel to MSD Ignition, Performance Automotive is your source for your high performance and racing needs. With availibility within 2 business days, no shipping charges on most items, and an easy way to handle warranty needs, Performance Automotive makes more sense and is price competitive with mail-order warehouses. Whether you need AutoMeter Guages, or a machinist with race engine experience, give us a call today! Howdy. Welcome to Performance Automotive! Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed . See ya around! Recent Posts Free Detroit Tiger Baseball with purcahase of 5 Quarts of Total Synthetic Oil Facebook Proud Member of the Auto Wares Group  Categories Uncategorized  Meta Log in Valid XHTML  Looking for something? Use the form below to search the site: Still not finding what you're looking for? Drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it! Visit our friends! A few highly recommended friends... autoparts2020.com AutoWares Archives All entries, chronologically... June 2013 Powered by WordPress and pixel . Sweet icons by famfamfam . Back to top &uarr; 