 Printer Friendly Dictionary, Encyclopedia and Thesaurus - The Free Dictionary 5,559,876,519 visitors served. forum Join the Word of the Day Mailing List For webmasters TheFreeDictionary Google Bing ? Word / Article Starts with Ends with Text Dictionary/ thesaurus Medical dictionary Legal dictionary Financial dictionary Acronyms Idioms Encyclopedia Wikipedia encyclopedia ? fine art Also found in: Encyclopedia , Wikipedia 0.01sec.  Advertisement (Bad banner? Please let us know ) fine art Â  (f n) n. 1. a. Art produced or intended primarily for beauty rather than utility. b. Any of the art forms, such as sculpture, painting, or music, used to create such art. Often used in the plural. 2. Something requiring highly developed techniques and skills: the fine art of teaching. fine art n 1. (Fine Arts & Visual Arts / Art Terms) art produced chiefly for its aesthetic value, as opposed to applied art 2. (Fine Arts & Visual Arts / Art Terms) (often plural) Also called beaux arts any of the fields in which such art is produced, such as painting, sculpture, and engraving fine&#8242; art&#8242; (fa&#618;n) n. a visual art created primarily for aesthetic purposes and valued for its beauty or expressiveness, specifically, painting, sculpture, drawing, watercolor, graphics, or architecture. [1760&#8211;70] fine art , commercial artwork - Fine art is any art created for its own sake, as opposed to commercial artwork. See also related terms for sake . Thesaurus Legend: Synonyms Related Words Antonyms Noun 1. fine art - the products of human creativity; works of art collectively; "an art exhibition"; "a fine collection of art" art artistic creation , artistic production , art - the creation of beautiful or significant things; "art does not need to be innovative to be good"; "I was never any good at art"; "he said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully" artificial flower - a handmade imitation of a blossom commercial art - art used for commercial purposes (as in advertising) creation - an artifact that has been brought into existence by someone cyberart - art that is produced with the help of computer hardware and software decoupage - art produced by decorating a surface with cutouts and then coating it with several layers of varnish or lacquer diptych - a painting or carving (especially an altarpiece) on two panels (usually hinged like a book) gem , treasure - art highly prized for its beauty or perfection genre - a class of art (or artistic endeavor) having a characteristic form or technique graphic art - the arts of drawing or painting or printmaking grotesque - art characterized by an incongruous mixture of parts of humans and animals interwoven with plants kitsch - excessively garish or sentimental art; usually considered in bad taste mosaic - art consisting of a design made of small pieces of colored stone or glass plastic art - the arts of shaping or modeling; carving and sculpture triptych - art consisting of a painting or carving (especially an altarpiece) on three panels (usually hinged together) work of art - art that is a product of one of the fine arts (especially a painting or sculpture of artistic merit) dance - an artistic form of nonverbal communication Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us , add a link to this page, add the site to iGoogle , or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content . Advertisement (Bad banner? Please let us know ) ? Page tools Printer friendly Cite / link Feedback Add definition Advertisement (Bad banner? Please let us know ) Advertisement (Bad banner? Please let us know ) Mentioned in ? References in classic literature ? Dictionary browser ? Full browser ? aquarelle arcature archit. archivolt arcuation art artificial flower arts B.F.A. barge course basket chair bastardised Beaux Arts beaux-arts bed moulding bergĂ¨re BFA bice bistre For love is the enemy of haste; it takes count of passing days, of men who pass away, of a fine art matured slowly in the course of years and doomed in a short time to pass away too, and be no more. The Mirror of the Sea by Conrad, Joseph View in context Second, I suggest that all men and women, and boys and girls, who have so acquainted themselves with the essentials of the fine art of animal-training, should become members of, and ally themselves with, the local and national organizations of humane societies and societies for the prevention of cruelty to animals. Michael, Brother of Jerry by London, Jack View in context Casaubon is not fond of the piano, and I am very glad he is not," said Dorothea, whose slight regard for domestic music and feminine fine art must be forgiven her, considering the small tinkling and smearing in which they chiefly consisted at that dark period. Middlemarch by Eliot, George View in context Finbat kite finca FinCEN finch Finch falcon Finchbacked Finched Finchley find find fault find oneself find out find the lady Findable finder finder's fee Findfault Findfaulting finding finding of fact finding of law findings findy fine Fine arch fine art fine arts Fine cut fine down Fine for alienation Fine Gael Fine goods fine leg Fine of lands fine print fine spray fine structure Fine stuff fine-cut fine-draw fine-drawn fine-grain fine-grained fine-leafed fine-leaved fine-leaved heath fine-looking fine-mesh fine-spun fine-textured fine-tooth finds tongue finds way finds way finds way findspot Findus British National Hockey League findy fine fine fine fine fine fine fine Fine (law) Fine (law) Fine (law) Fine (law) fine adjuster fine admixture fine aggregate Fine Alignment Equipment Fine and Applied Arts Fine and Applied Arts Fine and Dandy Fine and Dandy Fine and Performing Arts Fine and Performing Arts Center Fine and Rare Wines, Ltd. Fine arch fine art Fine Art Conservation Laboratories Fine Art Digital Imaging System Fine Art on Broadway Fine Art Print Company Fine Art Trade Guild Fine artist Fine artist fine arts fine arts fine arts Fine Arts and Design Library Fine Arts and Humanities Fine Arts Association Fine Arts Association of Arizona Fine Arts Auditorium Fine Arts Building Fine Arts Center Fine Arts Chamber Players Fine Arts Conservancy, Inc. Fine Arts Core Education Fine Arts Day Fine Arts Design and Architecture Fine Arts Doctoral Program Fine Arts Federation of New York Fine Arts Festival Fine Arts Festival Association Fine Arts for Ocala Dictionary, Thesaurus, and Translations TheFreeDictionary Google ? Word / Article Starts with Ends with Text Free Tools: For surfers: Free toolbar & extensions | Word of the Day | Help For webmasters: Free content | Linking | Lookup box | Double-click lookup Mobile Site | Terms of Use | Privacy policy | Feedback | Advertise with Us |Copyright &copy; 2013 Farlex, Inc. Disclaimer All content on this website, including dictionary, thesaurus, literature, geography, and other reference data is for informational purposes only. This information should not be considered complete, up to date, and is not intended to be used in place of a visit, consultation, or advice of a legal, medical, or any other professional. 