  Mobile | Newsletters | RSS | Subscribe | Subscriber services Manage subscription on MyTimes Register subscription Digital access Delivery issues / feedback Temporary stops Make a payment Print Replica Subscriber rewards Subscriber: Log out | Subscriber Log In | Contact/Help Site feedback/questions Frequently asked questions Home delivery issues Send us news tips Send letters to the editor Submit event listings Request corrections Company information Traffic Winner of Nine Pulitzer Prizes Search Follow us: Advanced Search | Events &amp; Venues | Obituaries Home Home Forums Graphics &amp; databases Photography Video Special reports Corrections Shortcuts Today's news index Trending with readers Historical archives News News Local News Nation &amp; World Obituaries Health care Politics Education Special reports Community partners Blogs &amp; Columns Danny Westneat Nicole Brodeur Jerry Large Ron Judd M&oacute;nica Guzm&aacute;n Sarah Stuteville The Today File The Blotter Weather Beat Politics Northwest Picture This Seattle Sketcher FYI Guy Shortcuts Traffic Weather Lottery Business &amp; Tech Business &amp; Tech Boeing / Aerospace Microsoft Personal technology Blogs &amp; Columns Brier Dudley's Blog Microsoft Pri0 Jon Talton Sunday Buzz Shortcuts Stock prices Sports Sports High School UW Huskies WSU Cougars SU Redhawks Gonzaga College sports Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Reign FC Storm NBA Hockey Golf Snow sports Outdoors Other sports Blogs Husky Football Husky Men's Basketball Mariners Seahawks NBA in Seattle The Hot Stone League Pac-12 Confidential The Brewery Sounders FC High School Sports Take 2 Reel Time Fishing NW Women's Hoops Columns Jerry Brewer Larry Stone Bud Withers Sideline Chatter Shortcuts Sports forums Scores &amp; stats Sports on TV &amp; radio Entertainment Entertainment Movies Music &amp; Nightlife The Arts Books Blogs &amp; Columns ArtsPage Lit Life | Mary Ann Gwinn Nicole Brodeur Popcorn &amp; Prejudice: A movie blog SoundPosts Shortcuts Comics Games Horoscopes TV listings Today's events Find events &amp; venues Submit listings Food Food &amp; Drink Food &amp; Drink Restaurants Blogs &amp; Columns All You Can Eat | Rebekah Denn Happy Hour Taste | Nancy Leson Shortcuts Search restaurants Search bars/clubs Food &amp; drink events Living Living Home &amp; Garden Health &amp; Fitness Pacific NW Magazine Pets Blogs &amp; Columns Domestic Goddess | Rebecca Teagarden Fit for Life | Nicole Tsong In the Garden | Ciscoe Morris The Natural Gardener | Valerie Easton Now &amp; Then | Paul Dorpat Carolyn Hax Rant &amp; Rave Shortcuts Fairs &amp; festivals Hobby events Homes Homes &amp; Real Estate NW Neighborhoods Design &amp; D&eacute;cor Money Matters Shortcuts Homes for sale Rentals New homes Open homes Post a listing Travel Travel &amp; Outdoors Travel Outdoors Summer guide Seattle guide Washington guide Oregon guide British Columbia guide Blogs &amp; Columns Northwest Traveler Travel Wise Destinations | Kristin Jackson Rick Steves' Europe Reel Time Fishing Northwest Shortcuts Outdoor/recreation events Opinion Editorials &amp; Opinion Editorials &amp; Opinion Letters to the Editor Blogs &amp; Columns Opinion Northwest Sharon Pian Chan Lance Dickie Jonathan Martin Bruce Ramsey Kate Riley Thanh Tan Lynne K. Varner  Jobs Jobs Find a job Post a resume Career center Post a job Autos Autos Find a vehicle Find a dealer Research Sell a vehicle Classifieds Classifieds Search classifieds Post a listing Tuesday, July 29, 2003 - Page updated at 12:00 AM E-mail article Print Hope was good-humor deliveryman for U.S. troops By Seattle Times news services LOS ANGELES &#8212; Bob Hope's one-liners gently poked fun at presidents, blunted the sting of combat for U.S. soldiers from World War II to the 1991 Gulf War and made him one of the nation's most revered comics. Mr. Hope, who turned 100 on May 29, rode a genial wave of success on stage and in movies, radio and television to a position unique among entertainers. He died at 9:28 p.m. Sunday at his Toluca Lake home of complications from pneumonia, his publicist Ward Grant said yesterday. As the 20th century's good-humor deliveryman for U.S. troops, Mr. Hope took his show on the road to bases, field hospitals, jungles and aircraft carriers around the world, peppering audiences with a fusillade of brief, topical gags. One of them focused on former President Nixon and the Watergate scandal. "I bumped into Gerald Ford the other day. I said, 'Pardon me.' He said, 'I don't do that anymore.' " His humor lacked malice, and he made himself the butt of many jokes. His golf scores and physical attributes, including his celebrated ski-jump nose, were frequent subjects: "I want to tell you, I was built like an athlete once &#8212; big chest, hard stomach. Of course, that's all behind me now." President Bush led the nation in mourning, noting that "the nation has lost a great citizen. ... We extend our prayers to his family. God bless his soul." Bush also ordered all U.S. flags on government buildings lowered to half-staff on the day of Mr. Hope's funeral. He was "the best-loved, most admired and most successful entertainer in all of history. He is quite simply, irreplaceable," said longtime "Tonight Show" host Johnny Carson. Mr. Hope was known for his impeccable sense of timing and style so exquisite that it set a standard for nearly every comic who followed: Carson, Bob Newhart, Ellen DeGeneres, Jerry Seinfeld, the movie personas of Woody Allen and Steve Martin. He relied heavily on his writers, the often unrecognized geniuses who crafted a reported 85,000 pages of jokes. Edited down to 528,000 "keepers," his collection of jokes &#8212; and entertainment memorabilia &#8212; ended up in the Library of Congress, at the new Bob Hope Gallery of American Entertainment, a permanent exhibition. Mr. Hope earned a fortune, gave lavishly to charity and was showered with awards, so many that he had to rent a warehouse to store them. His face was known to millions of Americans spanning three generations, perhaps especially those who served in the military during World War II and the Korean and Vietnam wars. The comedian began entertaining servicemen and women at U.S. bases in 1941 and in 1948 began annual Christmas shows at U.S. bases overseas. Over the years, he visited and entertained soldiers and sailors during World War II, the Korean War, the Berlin airlift, the Vietnam War, the 1991 Persian Gulf War. Even during peacetime, Mr. Hope spent virtually every Christmas on the road, with the troops. He was never a member of the military. But on Oct. 29, 1997, at 94, he became the first American designated by Congress as an "honorary veteran of the United States Armed Forces." He was born Leslie Townes Hope on May 29, 1903, in Eltham, England, the son of stonemason William Henry Hope and Avis Townes Hope, a former concert singer. He was the fifth of seven brothers, and when he was 4, his family moved to Cleveland, where he attended grade school. He became a U.S. citizen in 1920. After high school, Mr. Hope tried various jobs &#8212; including boxing under the name Packy East &#8212; and then began dance lessons. He learned his craft the old-fashioned way: on the vaudeville circuit. A little soft shoe, a simple song. Some acting, a few jokes. Times were good, times were bad. For a while, he starved in Chicago, living in a cheap boardinghouse where "the maid came in once a day to change the rats." Mr. Hope persevered and he made it to the famed RKO and Orpheum vaudeville circuits and then to Broadway, where he was featured in several revues, finally appearing in the show that put him on the trail to international stardom: Jerome Kern and Otto Harbach's "Roberta" in 1933. More importantly, it was on Broadway he met a young singer named Dolores Reade. They married in 1934, adopted four children and stayed together until Mr. Hope died. He was not the ideal husband. His wanderlust kept him away from home so often that Dolores monogrammed their towels "Hers" and "Whose," and he was said to have indulged in numerous flings with other women. But by Hollywood standards, by any standard, a 69-year marriage is worth celebrating. In 1938, Pepsodent gave him a radio show, which began his nearly 60-year association with NBC, and he made his feature-film debut in "The Big Broadcast of 1938." "Big Broadcast," more than anything else, elevated the comedian to stardom after years of performances in film shorts and gave him his theme song, the Academy Award-winning "Thanks for the Memory," which he had sung in the movie. He met Bing Crosby playing golf, a game both loved almost as much as entertaining, and invited him to appear on his radio show. A lasting friendship grew, barbed in public and warm in private. Crosby gave Mr. Hope the name "Ski Snoot," and Mr. Hope liked to needle Crosby about his wealth by saying, "Bing doesn't pay income tax. He just calls the government and says, 'How much do you boys need?' " They turned their mock feuds into a winning combination in seven road films, beginning in 1940 with "Road to Singapore" and ending in 1962 with "Road to Hong Kong." Many successful movies and television programs followed. For 13 straight years starting in 1941, Mr. Hope was one of the Top 10 box-office movie stars. Although he never won an Oscar for acting, he was honored four times by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for his contributions to the world of entertainment. He also received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. He began emceeing the Oscars in 1940, and for years hosted the televised Academy Award presentations, opening his first in 1953 with the line "Television. That's where movies go when they die." In all, he hosted or co-hosted the Academy Award show 18 times. On Sunday night, family members, longtime caregivers and a priest gathered at his home as the comedian slipped away. "I can't tell you how beautiful and serene and peaceful it was," his daughter Linda said yesterday. "The fact that there was a little audience gathered around, even though it was family, I think warmed dad's heart. "He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words. ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said. Material from the Los Angeles Times, Miami Herald and The Associated Press is included in this report. Copyright &#169; 2003 The Seattle Times Company Get home delivery today!  Most read Most commented Most e-mailed  New, improved Husky Stadium ready to shine Soaring rents force lifestyle changes Here&rsquo;s what the Seahawks&rsquo; final roster might look like Amazon alters strategy to win landmark CIA contract Macklemore & Ryan Lewis capture top awards at VMAs Sounders deliver win in Clint Dempsey&rsquo;s home debut Magical night for passionate Sounders FC fans Dawggone it: Stadium blocked till Saturday Zurich begins experiment with drive-in 'sex boxes' Cool, greener air getting pumped into planes at Sea-Tac Coping with soaring rent 286 Game thread: Rangers at Mariners 157 Mariners special assistant to GM, Tony Blengino, looking elsewhere 98 Obama considers quick, limited military strike against Syria 94 Seattle teachers reject schools&rsquo; contract proposal 89 Kerry: Syria&#039;s chemical arms use `moral obscenity&#039; 84 Notes from Steve Sarkisian&#039;s press conference 57 Franklin Gutierrez back with Mariners, Aaron Harang DFA 42 KING5: 400 law enforcement officers raid Tukwila motels 36 AARP: Fewer people will take care of baby boomers 34 Soaring rents force lifestyle changes New, improved Husky Stadium ready to shine 43 new books for fall 2013 Breast-feeding moms get help in health-care plan Amazon alters strategy to win landmark CIA contract Federal Way girl&rsquo;s mission: Get pygmy goats treated like dogs and cats Nation&rsquo;s former top auditor sounds the alarm on debt | In Person &lsquo;Nooksack 306&rsquo; fight to remain in tribe Moran State Park is an island treasure Travel Wise | Volunteering around the world and close to home Most viewed images  Site Map Home Local Nation/World Business/Tech Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Extras Forums Contact/Help Site feedback/questions Frequently asked questions Home delivery issues Send us news tips Send letters to the editor Submit event listings Request corrections Newsroom contacts Social media Report malware Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile site Mobile apps Low-graphic site Newsletters RSS Today's News Index Advertising Advertise with us Digital advertising Classifieds Death notices Job listings Auto listings Real Estate listings Rental listings Company About us Employment Historical archives Pulitzer prizes Seattle Times store Purchase photos Newspapers In Education Subscriber Services Subscribe MyTimes Temporary stops Make a payment Print Replica Subscriber rewards Today's front page (PDF) The Seattle Times Company Network: Seattletimes.com | Jobs | Autos | Homes | Classifieds | Rentals | Personals Copyright &copy; The Seattle Times Company | Advertise with us | Privacy statement | Terms of service  