 Skip to navigation Missouri Department of Revenue Jay Nixon, Governor John R. Mollenkamp, Acting Director Search Search Missouri Department of Revenue  Home » Motor Vehicle Licensing Selling a Vehicle Thousands and thousands of vehicles are sold in Missouri every year. As a seller, there are certain things you should know before you enter into the sale of a vehicle. When a transaction occurs between two private parties, there are certain legal responsibilities and a reporting requirement that became effective in 2006. Legal Responsibilities Notice of Sale Reporting Requirement Gifting Your Vehicle Legal Responsibilities When you sell a vehicle in a private transaction, between individuals, you have certain legal responsibilities. You must provide the following to the vehicle buyer: Properly assigned Certificate of Title (see instructions) ; * Safety inspection certificate, less than 60 days old; *An emissions inspection not more than 60 days old, if you reside in St. Louis City or the following counties: Franklin, Jefferson, St. Charles, or St. Louis; and Lien Release (Form 4809) , notarized, if applicable. *If the buyer is an out of state resident,please contact that state for the inspection requirements. Before the purchaser takes possession of the vehicle, remove your license plates (whether they are valid or expired). Remember: All sellers and purchasers must print their names and sign the back of the title in the assignment area. These signatures do not need to be notarized. The seller must write in the odometer reading and date of sale. You may not use correction fluid (white-out) or erase marks from the title. back to top Notice of Sale Reporting Requirement You must report the sale of your vehicle to the Department of Revenue. Effective January 1, 2006, the seller of a motor vehicle, trailer, or all-terrain vehicle must report the sale within 30 days to the Department of Revenue (department). Sellers, other than Missouri licensed dealers, must submit a completed Notice of Sale (Form 5049) or Bill of Sale (Form 1957) form to report the sale. Click here for more information about reporting the sale of your vehicle. back to top Gifting Your Vehicle You must provide the following to the new vehicle owner: Properly assigned Certificate of Title (see instructions) with the word &quot;GIFT&quot; placed in the sale price area (Do not use a sale price of $1); A safety inspection certificate, less than 60 days old; A emissions inspection not more than 60 days old, if the recipient resides in St. Louis City or Franklin, Jefferson, St. Charles, or St. Louis County; and General Affidavit (Form 768) or a written statement indicating the vehicle was given as a gift. NOTE: The General Affidavit or statement does not have to be notarized. You must also report the gift (transfer) to the Department of Revenue within 30 days by submitting a Notice of Sale (Form 5049) or Bill of Sale (Form 1957) form. The new vehicle owner: Must submit the completed General Affidavit (above) with the other required title and registration documents; Will not pay state or local tax on a gift transaction; and Cannot use or transfer the license plates that were on the vehicle at the time it was gifted (if applicable). NOTE: A vehicle cannot be gifted two times in a row. back to top Motor Vehicle Forms &amp; Manuals Disabled Placards Frequently Asked Questions Titling &amp; Registration About License Plates Buying a Vehicle Missing / Duplicate Titles Personalized &amp; Specialty Plates Personalize &amp; Reserve Plates Renewing Plates Special Fuel Decals Repossession Title Requirements Selling / Gifting a Vehicle Tab Theft Titling Abandoned Property Titling Vehicles ATV's, Boats &amp; Trailers ATV Titling &amp; Registration Boat / Vessel &amp; Motor Trailer Titling &amp; Registration Driving in Missouri Insurance Information Permits Vehicle Safety Inspections Dealer Information Dealer / Lienholder Information Complaints about Dealers Manufactured Homes Manufactured Homes Services Contact Information / Office Locations License Office Locations Frequently Asked Questions How Do I? Tax Assistance Centers Customer Service Survey Site Map Email the Department of Revenue Resources from Revenue About Revenue Job Opportunities Publications Purchasing (Vendors) Annual Reports Public Information Reports Media Center Statutory Interest Rates Letter Rulings Other Resources Missouri Revised Statutes (RSMo) Federal (IRS) Forms Code of State Regulations (CSR) Missouri Constitution Related Links Stay Connected YouTube Videos Twitter RSS Listservs Get Adobe Reader State of Missouri Navigation Privacy Policy Accessibility Governor Jay Nixon State Agencies Online Services Mo.Gov View Mobile Version Main Navigation Forms &amp; Manuals Online Services Personal Tax Business Tax Motor Vehicle Driver License View Desktop Version 