  Call Today! Closed Sundays 8am - 8pm Eastern (516) 847-5284 Nationwide Coverage also including Alaska & Hawaii Ask about our storm damage appraisals! Home Login Now! About Us &amp; FAQ Auto Inspections Inspectors Wanted Contact Us  Contact Us About Us Business Associates Is Carfax enough? The simple answer is NO. You should always get a certified vehicle inspector before buying a vehicle. We check the car bumper to bumper before we approve it. Nobody does a better job than us. video platform video management video solutions video player Welcome To Certified Vehicle Inspections Our goal is to provide our customers with accurate, unbiased, up to the minute information on any type of vehicle or motorcycle that you are considering purchasing, through any of today's marketplaces - local, long distance or online. Certified Vehicle Inspections, Inc. (CVI) will send an ASE Master Certified Technician, factory-trained in your vehicle's make and model, to tell you exactly what you're about to purchase before buying that used car, truck or motorcycle. Hear from an expert if the vehicle is a solid, well-maintained vehicle. CVI is here to perform, in a professional, unbiased manner, a complete inspection providing all of the details you need to make an informed decision about the vehicle you are considering. Have a Ford? Get a Ford-trained technician. Have Mercedes? Get a Mercedes-trained technician. Have a Subaru? Get a Subaru trained technician. Have a Volkswagen? Get a Volkswagen trained technician. Have a Harley? Get a Harley-trained technician.well-informed decision about the vehicle you are about to purchase. All of our techs are ASE certified for your vehicle's make. That's what makes us different Did you know that a vehicle that once looked like this......N ow looks like this and could be sold to you without your knowledge. Would you be able to tell? We can. An inspection by one of our ASE Master Certified Technicians could prevent you from buying a car like this. Many accidents are never reported. If two neighbors get into an accident, they are more likely to pay for the repairs privately, rather than call the police and insurance companies. So if the accident has never been reported, how will paying for a &quot;Car Report&quot; help? It won't, it's the key flaw in the system. Having a proper inspection of the vehicle can tell you if the vehicle you're interested in has been in a previous accident, and if it has, the quality of the repair work, both mechanically and structurally. Each year 400,000 totaled vehicles are back on the road again -Consumer Reports 1 in 15 cars on the road today have been rebuilt from the salvage yard -ABC News 20/20 Can you be sure they changed the oil? Did they maintain the transmission? Did they use the proper coolant? We Can Tell You Our ASE Master Certified Technicians can notify you of any issues related to the vehicle so that you can make an informed decision to either purchase, negotiate or pass on the vehicle in question. 90% of vehicles have maintenance items not performed -National Car Care Council Has this happened to you? Despite the change to digital odometers in newer cars, the average buyer would be unaware that odometer tampering would be taking place unless they knew what to look for and how to find it. Besides being a crime, this deception practice can be found only by expertly-trained technicians. Our ASE Master Certified Technicians have the knowledge and the experience to know immediately if your mileage has been tampered with. 1 in 4 cars on the road today have altered mileage -CBS News 60 Minutes 50% of all leased cars for sale have rolled-back odometers -Jack Gillis, The Used Car Book Car titled and odometer statements can be illegally &quot;cleaned&quot; -Automotive News Can you tell a well-kept vehicle from a new paint job? Not always, and not if it's done right. Specially designed gauges in the hands of qualified inspectors can tell if the paint is thicker or thinner than it should be, indicating if a car has been repainted, and the quality of that paint job. This could hide many things on a vehicle that the average consumer would not be aware of because the car &quot;looks good&quot; you can be led to believe that this is a quality vehicle, or that quality repairs have been done, when in fact it may not be. This can happen whether a car is purchased from a dealer or an individual. Each year there is over $35 Billion in vehicle accident damage; and over 40% of the repairs are substandard. - Farmers Insurance Our Services Expert Witness Testimony Used Car Inspections Salvage Inspections Classic Car Inspections Exotic Car Inspections Boat Inspections Marine Inspections Motorcycle Inspections Heavy Equipment Inspections Auction inspections Pre-purchase inspections Warranty inspections Damage Appraisals We Also Serve Brokers Warranty Companies Financial Institutions Leasing Companies Business Hours 6 Days a Week! 8 a.m. - 8 p.m. EST Closed Sundays Why Choose Us? Only ASE Master Certified Technicians Damage Appraisals Available AutoCheck Reports Available Our Sponsors Looking for a used car? Get a FREE VIN check at AutoCheck®. Certified Vehicle Inspections You Need To Know What You're About To Buy Nationwide Inspections (516) 847-5CVI (5284) Site Map Home About Us &amp; FAQ Auto Inspections Inspectors Wanted Contact Us For more information call (516)-521-0923 We accept the following payment methods:  Copyright Certified Vehicle Inspections, All Rights reserved. | Privacy Policy  