  Cars Direct New Cars Used Cars How It Works Deals SALE Auto Loans Trade Ins Send Feedback  Certified Pre-Owned  Buick Certified Pre-Owned Program August 15, 2013  If you are in the market for a Buick, but cannot afford a brand new vehicle, you have the option of buying a Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) Buick instead of buying a used car. While there are similarities between buying a used car and a CPO, the differences are significant. Find A Pre-Owned Buick Near You &gt;&gt; For those who may not be able to afford a new Buick, but want to be behind the wheel of a reliable, solid vehicle, a CPO sold by Buick comes with the uncompromised standards of a brand new Buick. All Buick CPO vehicles are less than five years old and have less than 75,000 miles. Buick offers a 3-day/150 mile customer satisfaction guarantee which is a money back or exchange guarantee. Buick Certification Standards &amp; Inspection In addition to the stringent Buick quality regulations each Buick CPO is guaranteed to be a well-maintained, late-model Buick. Buick technicians put every CPO vehicle through a 117-point inspection and a CARFAX Vehicle History Report review. A Buick CPO vehicle inspection includes, but is not necessarily limited to: Road Test - This checks the vehicles history, safety campaigns, owners manual, seat belts, air bags, mirrors, lights, gauges, engine operation and performance, transmission, clutch, braking system, traction control, steering wheel and alignment, body and chassis integrity, HVAC, horn, speedometer and odometer, windshield wipers, cruise control and transfer case. Functional -Doors, locks, seats and child seating, interior and exterior lights, all knobs and release levers, windows, alarm system, navigation and audio system, ONSTAR (if applicable), keys, luggage compartment to include spare tire and tools, convertible or sunroof (if applicable) and options and accessories. Under Hood -Includes all engine components, leaks, electrical system, radiator, fan, hoses, filters, power steering, fuel, vacuum and ignition systems, A/C compressor and all belts. Under Vehicle -This portion of the check includes the frame, exhaust system, brake pads and shoes, calipers, rotors and drums, tires and wheels, struts, control arms, steering/linkage, axles, driveline, suspension system, gear and parking brake cable. Exterior -This includes bumpers, fenders, doors, grille, trunk, roof, all glass and wheels, wheel covers, trim rings and center caps. Interior -Instrument panel, all seats and head rests, upholstery and trim, console, glove compartment, floor mats, visors and luggage compartment including spare tire and tools. Maintenance -Lube and oil change, filter replacement, inspection of all filters, fluid replenishment, state and local emission and diagnostic codes and fuel tanl fill-up. Interior and Exterior Detailing -A complete cleaning that includes upholstery, instrument panel, carpet, trunk, glass, exterior minor surface scratches, tar removal and a thorough wash and wax. Find A Pre-Owned Buick Near You &gt;&gt; Buick takes its CPO vehicle inspections very seriously and minute details are of the most importance. If it is a Buick Hybrid CPO, the battery, battery energy control module and starter/generator control module are inspected, in addition to the other points of CPO vehicle inspection. Buick CPO Vehicle Warranty A Buick CPO vehicle Powertrain Limited Warranty is valid for 12-month/12,000 mile and includes a comprehensive bumper-to-bumper warranty for all 2004-2009 GM Certified Vehicles with no deductible. Beyond the new car warranty, Buick offers a 12-month/12,000 mile comprehensive Mechanical Coverage and 24-month/64,000 mile Powertrain on 2-4-3006 models. GM also has an extended Protection Plan Mechanical and Maintenance Coverage and time/mileage options from 6-months/6,000 miles to 84-month/84,000 miles. Buick CPO vehicles have a 5-year/100,000 mile 24 hour roadside assistance warranty and about 4,000 participating GM dealers in the US. For a full list of components that are covered or excluded from the Buick CPO warranty, visit Buick Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Program - IntelliChoice . Financing an Buick CPO Vehicle When financing any vehicle, the buyer has a few options. A bank, credit union, or online finance company can help you with the financing. However, Buick CPO vehicle financing is comparable to new car terms and finance rate. Buick offers APR specials and incentives and Intelliprice comparisons; therefore Buick CPO vehicle owners are eligible for the same low interest rates and longer terms as new car owners. See if you qualify for an auto loan &gt;&gt; GMAC offers an online Certified Pre-Owned Finance Affordability Calculator for Buicks at: GM Certified | Vehicle Affordability Calculator - Buying Used Car for 12-60 months and a user-friendly, quick and easy finance approval application.  Related Articles Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned Program Chevrolet Certified Pre-Owned Program GMC Certified Pre-Owned Program Lexus Certified Pre-Owned Program Saab Certified Pre-Owned Program Comments Related Articles Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned Program Chevrolet Certified Pre-Owned Program GMC Certified Pre-Owned Program Lexus Certified Pre-Owned Program Saab Certified Pre-Owned Program More Certified Pre-Owned Articles &raquo; Find Used Car Browse a huge selection of local inventory. Select a Make Select a Model Latest in Certified Pre-Owned Volvo Certified Pre-Owned Program Certified Pre-Owned - January 26, 2012 Volkswagen Certified Pre-Owned Program Certified Pre-Owned - January 26, 2012 Toyota Certified Pre-Owned Program Certified Pre-Owned - January 26, 2012 Things You Should Know About CPO Certified Pre-Owned - January 26, 2012 Suzuki Certified Pre-Owned Program Certified Pre-Owned - January 26, 2012  Car Loan Calculator Enter your desired monthly payment. &#36; /month Pricing Insider Blog Behind the Scenes Look at the NEW 2013 Jaguar XFR-S Commercial [Video Inside] Toyota Hybrid Sales Dominate California The 2014 Brabus S-Class. Now with 730 Horsepower. Airbag Replacement: Do You Need It? New Cars | Used Cars | How it Works | Car Trade-Ins | Auto Loans | Car Insurance | Sell Used Car Affiliate Program | Advertising Opportunities | Buy Auto Leads | About Us | Contact Us | Need Help? | Mobile | Terms of Use | Privacy | Jobs CARSDIRECT IS AN INTERNET BRANDS COMPANY. COPYRIGHT 1999-2013 CARSDIRECT.COM, INC.  