  [if IE 6]><div class="ie6"><![endif] [if IE 6]></div><![endif]   Cars for Sale    Car News & Car Reviews    Local Dealers    Sell Your Car    Trade In Your Car    Loans    Insurance   Car Info & Resources   Compare Cars   Car Reviews & News   Explore by Lifestyle   New Cars   Certified Cars   Used Cars   Car Credit Center   BMW Concept 4-Series Coupe: Detroit Auto Show   BMW Concept 4-Series Coupe replaces current 3-Series coupe. Concept closely previews upcoming production model. Expected to go on sale in late 2013. Call it sleek, bold, and sporty. Just don't call it a 3-Series. BMW chose this year's Detroit Auto Show to reveal its new Concept 4-Series Coupe, which previews the upcoming 4-Series. That's the name BMW is giving to the models that will replace today's 3-Series coupe and convertible. While BMW officially calls the 4-Series a "concept car," its styling probably won't change much when it reaches production. That's good news, since the concept boasts sharp lines and an aggressive front end. Other noteworthy design elements include large alloy wheels, an unusual quad exhaust, and vents on both front fenders -- a look once reserved solely for the M3. Inside the BMW 4-Series concept, things are largely similar to the recently redesigned 3-Series sedan. That means there's a popup screen above the center stack for navigation and other functions, controlled by BMW's iDrive knob next to the shift lever. Like the 3-Series, the Concept 4-Series also boasts a thick three-spoke steering wheel and well-placed climate and audio controls. While BMW has not officially announced what's under the hood of its concept car, we expect the production model to share powertrains with the 3-Series. That means base models will likely be badged 428i and powered by a 240-horsepower 2.0-liter turbo 4-cylinder engine. A more powerful variant will use a 300-horsepower 3.0-liter turbo 6-cylinder, and could be badged either 435i or 440i. BMW's decision to label its two-door 3-Series models as the 4-Series will eventually spread to its entire lineup. Even numbers will be used for coupes and convertibles, while sedans will retain odd numbers. That means the 1-Series will become the 2-Series with its next redesign. The exception seems to be the 6-Series Gran Coupe, which will retain its four-door body and even number by virtue of its 6-Series basis. We expect a production version of the 4-Series to reach dealers in late 2013, possibly as a 2014 model. And while the final product will undoubtedly include subtle revisions, we think shoppers interested in the next 3-Series coupe should start getting used to the concept's lines -- and its new name. What it means to you : It may officially be called a "concept," but the 4 Series Coupe is likely pretty close to the real thing. See all Detroit Auto Show news What do you think about the new 4-Series coupe and its new name? Let us know in the comments below. Doug DeMuro has a wide range of automotive industry experience, from work at a Ferrari dealership to a manager for Porsche North America. A lifelong car enthusiast, Doug's eclectic vehicle purchases include a Porsche 911 Turbo, an E63 AMG wagon, an old Range Rover and a Mercedes Benz G-wagen. Related Articles &amp; Car Reviews  Design-ovation: 2014 Mazda6    The redesigned 2014 Mazda6 went from forgettable to spectacular, thanks to a number of nifty design tricks.  Read more   2013 Honda CR-Z: New Car Review - Video    The 2013 Honda CR-Z is a unique, little, 2-seat hybrid that offers a peppy driving experience and a nice dose of user technology.  Read more   2014 Toyota Corolla: First Drive Review - Video    One editor gets behind the wheel of the all-new 2014 Toyota Corolla.  Read more   2014 Ford Explorer: New Car Review    The 2014 Ford Explorer isn't the Explorer you remember from back in the day. Find out why this 3-row SUV is a keeper in our full review.  Read more   2013 Hyundai Veloster Turbo: 5 Reasons to Buy - Video    In the market for a sporty hatchback? Don't overlook the spunky 2013 Hyundai Veloster Turbo. We've got 5 reasons to go Turbo right here.  Read more See all articles and car reviews  Find Cars for sale near you: Make Any Make Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Datsun DeLorean Dodge/RAM Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Freightliner Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Yugo ZIP Next  Advertisement Research by Vehicle Type   Shopping Tools   Sneak peek the latest cars in the New Model Showcase Build & Price your dream car Find prices, photos and reviews for thousands of cars   Save time and money with the New Car Buying Guide  Browse Cars for Sale Browse Special Offers Search for Car Dealers Browse Car Dealers Sell a Car Help Fraud Awareness Car Research New Cars Used Cars Certified Cars New Car Models Car Model Information AutoTrader.com Mobile About AutoTrader.com Press Room Jobs at AutoTrader.com Contact Us Become an AutoTrader.com Dealer Corporate Information Site Map By using this service, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement . Privacy Statement. AdChoices &copy;2013AutoTrader.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved."AutoTrader.com" is a registered trademark of TPI Holdings, Inc. used under exclusive license.  Become a Fan of AutoTrader.com on Facebook  Follow AutoTrader.com on Twitter  See AutoTrader.com Videos on YouTube  AutoTrader.com on Google+  Search Ignite BEGIN click tracking script version 4.0 A tracking tag provided by 360i http://www.360i.com/ Fires on page load 