  Search Home &raquo; Arts and Entertainment &raquo; Movies TV  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment: Movies TV category? Email Address: Subscribe Movies TV RSS Feed Top Authors in Movies TV More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (885) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,266) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,803) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment: Movies TV Article Category Cheap Fitness DVDs - Get Into Shape For the New Year by Jake Emen There are many different cheap fitness DVDs today that you can turn to so that you can finally get into great shape and live a healthy life. When you're ready to make a difference in the New Year, buy discount DVDs featuring great workouts and you'll have all of the tools that you need. I'm Ready For My Close Up Darling - Why There Are No Ugly Vampires by Sammael Asael This article discusses the obsession media has with beauty, and how even mythical creatures such as vampires are not exempt from such obsessions. Why are we so fascinated by beauty? Avatar - A Must Watch by Vivek Ramaswamy Avatar is about how excessive desire drives people to err. They go a long way to achieve what they want. Pity, Mercy and Regret is forgotten all along while nature is patient, forgiving until a moment where It has no other option. Autographs From Zorro Creator Johnston Mcculley by David Thoreau Autographs from Zorro creator Johnston McCulley are nearly impossible to obtain. McCulley was not a public persona for most of his writing career. Despite a successful life writing numerous screenplays, novels, and short stories, he rarely, if ever, participated in book signings. McCulley seldom appeared at public events where his autograph could be obtained by his many fans. A Brief History of Channel 4 by Angela Yorke Post-Newsweek Stations is the owner of WDIV-TV, or virtual channel 4, a television station affiliated with NBC. WDIV-TV is the group's flagship station and is based in Detroit, Michigan. Hence, the news broadcast is known as channel 4 Detroit news. Liven Your Office Life With Buffy the Vampire Slayer Action Figures by Elisabeth Trunfio Action figures make great conversation starters at the office. If you have a Buffy Summers action figure sitting on your cubicle wall, people will stop and ask about it. Reality Bites - Is it the End For Reality TV? by William Geldart With the final season of Celebrity Big Brother beginning on UK television and the mooted final season of Big Brother this summer, is this the end of reality TV as we know it? Big Brother first began in the year 2000 however no matter how much shock value the producers have tried to inject to rescue flagging ratings, the viewers have grown weary of the tired format and bored of reality itself. Freelance Screenwriters by John Halas Although there are many freelance screenwriters available, finding one that is a good fit is crucial to producing a top-notch screenplay. While there are plenty of talented freelance screenwriters who will be ready and willing to take on your project, you will want to hire a freelance screenwriter with which you can communicate effectively, and who understands your ultimate goal. They will be responsible for bringing your idea to life and, therefore, it is important to have similar goals and ideas so that you will both be on the same page when it comes to developing your screenplay. Green Screen Tips - Finding the Affordable Type by Phil Guye It is always advisable to look for Green Screen Tips when it comes to securing a place in the film industry. The issue of affordability comes into play every time you need to secure a good quality screen for your film shooting. Buying a green screen or (chroma key screen) can be expensive and building them on your own can be tiring. So, how do you determine the way to affordable green screens? This is the subject discussed in this article. Let's See a Bob Dylan Movie! by Brad Sturdivant Richie Valens, Jerry Lee Lewis, Bobby Darin, Ray Charles and Johnny Cash are just some of the famous musicians that have gotten major Hollywood biopics made about them over the years. While there are many more musicians that deserve their own movie, none of them deserve it more than Bob Dylan. I've been a Dylan fan for a few years now and although his music is something you just have "to get", his persona and legend is undeniable. How Movie Surveys Can Connect You With the Perfect Audience by Xavier Holland It can be hard to be objective about movies, especially your own. Movie surveys can help show you what others are thinking. 100 Feet Review by Danish Bagdadi This is definitely the kind of horror movie that I have been looking for, for a long time now. Like I have expressed before how much I dislike guts and blood being dished out as 'arty' horror, I can't emphasis enough how horrors as this come as such a delectable pleasure. 100 feet is a story of Marnie (Famke Janssen), who was convicted for the murder of her abusive husband. After serving a sentence in a jail, she let out condition of house arrest. She is chained with an electronic... Twilight Role Playing by Jim Slate There are many reasons why twilight appeals to such a wide and varied audience. It takes themes of immortality and death, and couples them with thoughts on love, the nature of a relationship, and the nature of the preternatural world. As such it is natural for people to want to assume the roles of the characters in Twilight, in order to explore these themes for themselves. Miley Cyrus - Personal by Kate Freeman Teenagers have always idolized celebrities and tend to then dress like them. The latest fashion queen seems to be Miley Cyrus. And she is not just some teen. 5 Cool Things You'll Find in the Movie "Down With Love" by Sheila Dollarsby "Down With Love" is a film that pays homage to the sex comedies of the 1960s. Starring Ewan McGregor and Renee Zellweger, the film is a cute romantic about the love that sparks between a feminist author and a chauvinistic journalist. The plot is original and the score is truly unique, and while it was not widely popularized on the big screen, it has become a fan favorite for anyone who loves the sex comedies of the 1960s. No Day at the Beach - It's the Desert For Sex and the City 2 by Kiki Farmer Holy Shoulder Pads--Carrie and Co. have released the launch date (May 28, 2010), sneak peeks and the first official trailer of the much-awaited sequel Sex and the City 2--a.k.a. SATC2. Everyone but your mother appears to be cameo-ing along with the fab four--Carrie, Miranda, Samantha and Charlotte--as the film carries on two years later since the first one sated our appetites for this girl-fest franchise. From the snippets we've read and seen, teeny teen sensation Miley Cyrus as Hannah Montana upstages the un-upstageable Samantha by wearing the same gown (yes, it's the horror, the horror) to a film premiere, and Liza Minelli sings at a gay wedding attended by the gal pals. 3D TV by Oytun Basaran HDTV? Plasma? LCD TV? No, the new TV revolution of this new decade is the 3D TV. Read on to get yourself acquainted with what this is all about. James Cameron's "Avatar" by Bob Nufino James Cameron's "Avatar" is everything a movie should be and that is an amazing adventure that you can experience full on! This movie has a little bit of something for everyone. Is 3D Technology the Next Big Thing For Movies? by Jerald Fetch With the recent success of "Avatar", will 3D technology become the next big thing for movies? With how things are going, it seems like it. The Dazzling Smile of Burt Lancaster Will Never Be Forgotten by Shawna S. Ruppert Burt Lancaster is one of the most notable actors of his generation for something that he was able to do that many of his contemporaries were not. He had created an image to build his career with and was then able to escape that image and forge a further career for himself based on his changing and growing talents as he aged. America's Next Top Model - Reliving the Standards of the Modeling Industry by Ileana Limon The country's leading modeling show is back with a new cycle of modeling hopefuls. This time, America's Next Top Model features models that shorter than what the standard requires. Successful model Tyra Banks, the host of the show was the one who came up this new season's concept. She is even certain to exclude the tall ones like the way the girls under the 5'7' standard have been barred from the runway. The objective is to show the world that short models can stand tall and be a model too. Tough Guy Charles Bronson by Shawna S. Ruppert One of the great action stars in his own right, Charles Bronson trivia will show that even though he was often criticized for being a wooden actor, he was an extremely popular film star for many years based on the image he made for himself of being a man's man, one of the toughest stars working in action films at the time. He was known as a tough guy, and almost every character that he played worked on that persona in some fashion. A Charles Bronson quiz will show that he was born in 1921 and was actually born as Charles Dennis Buchinsky. News on Digital Television by Angela Yorke Television viewers around the world have been promised a completely different television viewing experience once analog transmission signals are fully converted to digital. The change might be a wrench for those who've watched their channel 4 Detroit news on an analog signal for the past 60-odd years, but analog transmission was always subject to interference that had an adverse effect on picture quality. Up in the Air - Movie by Dan Stevens This is an interesting drama starring the stalwart George Clooney (Ocean's eleven) as Ryan Bingham, whose job is to fire individuals from organisations who have designated Ryan and his company to do this on their behalf. As Ryan gets to travel all over the world he has accumulated a lot of air miles to the point that he gets special reservations, and an assortment of cards entitling him to various incentives due to his air miles accumulation. Ryan tries to be as sympathetic but yet firm as he tells employees that they have been let go, but his boss... Amreeka - Movie by Dan Stevens This is a fascinating drama, shot in a documentary style with excellent performances from the largely unknown cast. It stars Nisreen Faour as Muna Farah, a single mother living in the Palestinian Territories, working in a bank, and recently divorced from her husband, we meet her as she goes shopping for groceries. She sees a well dressed woman, and she immediately hides from her, we find out later that the well dressed woman is the new woman in the life of her husband, and hence the reason for the furtiveness. Key Features of High Quality TV Stands by Sam D Goddard When setting up the main entertainment system in a home, it's important to take a number of factors into account. For example, will the room serve more as a meeting place for the guys on game night, or a quiet spot for the family to watch movies together? Each of these choices will lead the homeowner down different paths. The same goes for the key components of the room: the couches, the stereo, the television, and the stands that house the electronic equipment. Each can have a dramatic effect on a room and should be considered as an integral part of the decision-making process. Paris Hilton Movie Appearances - Part 2 by John Escribar The last flick is definitely a Paris Hilton movie since she played the lead role in here. This is her most recent movie so far. Given the utmost training, she can still be a better actress. She is not quite new in the business seeing how she has already modeled for some advertisements of some famous establishments; one of these is her car wash stunt for McDonalds. I Flew Solo to the Movies! by Frank Bilotta I figured I would visit my sister-in-law since she lived nearby but I thought it might be weird to visit for three hours. I didn't really have a large amount of spending money to be able to do three hours of shopping and the nearby mall was closing early anyway due to its Sunday hours. I thought I was trapped until I had an amazing idea! Television - An Idiot Box Or a Harmful Box? by David A Kay Television is the greatest wonder that science has given to us. It is only because of this device that we can watch interesting programmes like songs, movies, plays, serials, dramas and series sitting at home on our couch. It is not only used for entertainment purposes but also for education. Television - The American Past Time by Billings Farnsworth When it comes to leisure time, Americans spend a good amount of it, relaxing on the couch and watching television. Whether it be watching sports, the news, cooking channels, or soap operas, Americans love their televisions. Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First &laquo; Previous 1 &hellip; 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 &hellip; 543 Next &raquo;  EzineArticles.com &copy; 2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 