 Home Creativity Ad Age Look Book Ad Age On Campus Jobs Subscribe | Register Now | Login Ad Age Digital  Digital  <input name="N" value="4294967169" type="hidden" /> Advanced Search This Week's Issue Subscribe Digital Edition Print Archive Buy The Creativity Issue Buy The Agency Issue Mobile Apps Events CMO Strategy Summit Digital Conference, San Francisco Data Conference Webcasts Making Display Ads Highly Effective for B2B Marketers Battle of the Brands: Gaining Consumer Mindshare Big Data: The Data-Driven Media Plan Video Advertising Across Social Channels – What’s the Latest? Capitalizing on Marketing and Technology: Social's Powerful Impact on People, Processes & Technology The Marketing Muscle of Sports Branded Content Ad Women: An Agency Balancing Act Small Agency Guide 2013 Turning Potential B2B Buyers Into Real Revenue Cause Marketing Halo Awards Maxus: Creating Relationships Through Data 64Th Annual Advertising Hall Of Fame SMG, MediaLink Explore Cannes’ New Creativity Audience Buying Guide 2013 Cable Guide 2013 FedEx at 40 Research Reports Smart Marketing Using Big Data Mobile Fact Pack 2013 Hispanic Fact Pack 2013 Going Native: Content Marketing Strategies How to Unlock Your Agency's Creative Code How Advertising Performs in a Social Media World How to Integrate Social Media Into Your Marketing Strategy Building Brands Online 2012 See all research reports Subscriptions Full Access Digital Access DataCenter+ DataCenter Creativity My Purchases Corporate Subscriptions Site License Help! Subscribe Staff Contacts Share / Save RSS / Twitter Media Kit List Rentals FAQ Submissions Advertising Archives Data Editorial Website Issues Terms of Use Agency Latest News Agency Digs Creativity Pick of the Day Small Agency Diary Agency Viewpoint Ad Age Directory menu item Media Complete Upfront Coverage 'Mad Men' Recaps and News The Media Guy Social TV and Trending Topics Latest News menu item Digital Latest News Digital Conference Special Report: CES DigitalNext Viral Video Charts YouTube Original Channel Tracker menu item DataWorks Data-Driven Marketing Glossary: Data Defined Privacy and Regulation menu item Global Latest News Ad Age China China's Women to Watch 2013 menu item Hispanic Marketing Latest News menu item Blogs & Columnists Latest Posts Abbey Klaassen Ad Age Stat Adages Al Ries The Big Tent Campaign Trail DigitalNext GoodWorks Guest Columnists Ken Wheaton The Media Guy Power 150 Rance Crain Small Agency Diary Steve Rubel Editorials menu item CMO Strategy Latest News The CMO Interviews Ad and Marketing Book Reviews Video menu item Creative Creativity Pick of the Day Rewind See the Spot menu item DataCenter 100 Leading National Advertisers Agency Report Digital Family Trees Global Marketers Media 100 menu item Small Agency Awards  Digital Is Digital Revolution Driving Decline in U.S. Car Culture? Shift Toward Fewer Young Drivers Could Have Repercussions for All Marketers By: Jack Neff Bio Follow on Twitter E-mail Author Google+ RSS feed Personal Products/Research Published: May 31, 2010   NEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- The internet has wreaked havoc on the music industry, airlines and media, but it just may be doing the same thing to automobiles. It's a rarely acknowledged transformational shift that's been going on under the noses of marketers for as long as 15 years: The automobile, once a rite of passage for American youth, is becoming less relevant to a growing number of people under 30. And that could have broad implications for marketers in industries far beyond insurance, gasoline and retail. Certainly it's hard to believe for anyone stuck in traffic on the way to O' Hare airport in Chicago, a bridge or tunnel into Manhattan, any freeway in Los Angeles, or the newly repaved four-lane highway to a suburban Walmart. But look around, and the people in the other cars are likely to be in their 40s or older. In 1978, nearly half of 16-year-olds and three-quarters of 17-year-olds in the U.S. had their driver's licenses, according to Department of Transportation data. By 2008, the most recent year data was available, only 31% of 16-year-olds and 49% of 17-year-olds had licenses, with the decline accelerating rapidly since 1998. Of course, many states have raised the minimum age for driver's licenses or tightened restrictions; still, the downward trend holds true for 18- and 19-year-olds as well (see chart) and those in their 20s. It's not just new drivers driving less. The share of automobile miles driven by people aged 21 to 30 in the U.S. fell to 13.7% in 2009 from 18.3% in 2001 and 20.8% in 1995, according to data from the Federal Highway Administration's National Household Travel Survey released earlier this year. Meanwhile, Census data show the proportion of people aged 21-30 increased from 13.3% to 13.9%, so 20-somethings actually went from driving a disproportionate amount of the nation's highway miles in 1995 to under-indexing for driving in 2009. William Draves blames the internet. Mr. Draves, president of Lern, a consulting firm which focuses mainly on higher education, and co-author of "Nine Shift," maintains that the digital age is reshaping the U.S. and world early in this century, much like the automobile reshaped American life early in the last century. His theory is that almost everything about digital media and technology makes cars less desirable or useful and public transportation a lot more relevant. Texting while driving is dangerous and increasingly illegal, as is watching mobile TV or working on your laptop. All, at least under favorable wireless circumstances, work fine on the train. The internet and mobile devices also have made telecommuting increasingly common, displacing both cars and public transit. Blame environment The environment is the reason Gen Y-ers most often give for wanting to drive less, Mr. Draves said. But he sees the fundamental economic transformation wrought by the internet (and, apparently on the internet; research firm J.D. Power & Associates found that Gen Y-ers don't talk about cars nearly as much as their elders in social media). This demographic will be working on "intangibles" in professional jobs, not on tangible things that require physical presence, Mr. Draves said. "Time becomes really valuable to them," he said. "You can work on a train. You can't work in a car. And the difference is two to three hours a day, or about 25% of one's productive time." Ford Motor Co. sees the trend as well, which is why it has introduced features such as Sync in its cars. "I don't think the car symbolizes freedom to Gen Y to the extent it did baby boomers, or to a lesser extent, Gen X-ers," said Sheryl Connelly, global trends and futuring manager. "Part of it is that there are a lot more toys out there competing for the hard-earned dollars of older teens and young adults." Digital technology "allows teens to transcend time and place," she said, "so they can feel connected to their friends virtually." New options like Zipcar also make it easier to do without permanent car ownership, she said. Millennials "are an important customer to us," said Ford's Ms. Connelly. "But we also understand the context in which they use cars has changed. ... It has nothing to do with performance or getting you from point A to point B. It's just a change in what people expect to be delivered." The economy, rather than any longer-term secular trend, has impacted driving and licensing among younger people, said Paul Taylor, chief economist with the National Automobile Dealers Association. Unemployment has led some younger consumers to drive less, and the cost of insuring a 16-to-19-year-old driver alone can discourage cash-strapped parents from allowing them to get licenses. State licensing requirements and restrictions by many high schools and colleges on driving are also a factor. Mr. Draves, however, notes that the shift began well before the recession or the preceding run-up in gas prices. The real-estate markets most profoundly affected by the bursting housing bubble -- such as Las Vegas and other Sunbelt metro areas -- are boom towns built around highways with no substantial train transportation. Real-estate markets that have been less affected or quicker to recover include Boston and San Francisco, which have strong urban rail systems. In New Jersey, Connecticut, Boston, Denver and Chicago, housing prices near new or existing train stations have either been among the first to recover or have seen less depreciation during the bursting of the housing bubble. In fact, Mr. Draves predicts a resurgence of urban living in denser housing surrounding train stations. As a result, suburban shopping malls and big-box stores such as Walmart, Target and club stores that rely on people hauling big purchases away in cars stand to suffer. Before you scoff, consider Walmart. Few, if any, retailers are quite as dependent on the car. Walmart has yet to find a highly profitable small-store concept that fits densely packed urban areas; it's disproportionately strong in rural and suburban areas and has had trouble penetrating big cities with mass transit. When gas prices dropped sharply in late 2007, Walmart started posting its best same-store sales results in years. The rebound in gas prices was just as tough on Walmart as the drop was favorable. The retailer's year-over-year customer traffic turned negative last year just as gas prices shot past their 2008 levels, U.S. Chief Operating Officer Bill Simon said in a March speech to analysts. E-commerce wins Gen Y's driving-behavior shift, however, won't just be about helping main streets return as big-box retailers fade, Mr. Draves said. E-commerce is likely to benefit, too, as categories at first resistant to e-commerce take another serious crack at it. Alice.com, which is providing the platform and fulfillment now for more than 60 mainly package-goods e-stores, is seeing a growing share of its business, which drew close to 700,000 visitors in April from Gen Y shoppers, according to Compete.com, said CEO Brian Wiegand. "This new generation, their first thought is not 'let's drive to the store to get these things,'" he said, "but 'let's get them the easiest, fastest, cheapest way.' We call them internet-first people. We think that's an important segment for us, and it's also the biggest segment for our iPhone app, which is almost all Gen Y." Of course, the trend is mainly bad news for an auto industry struggling to recover from its steepest downturn since the Great Depression. The combination of Millennials driving less and boomers retiring led Carlos Gomes, economist with ScotiaBank in Toronto, to issue a downbeat forecast for long-term vehicle sales in North America in February. He projects growth in U.S. new vehicle sales of only around 0.6% annually over the next decade, cutting nearly by half the 1.1% growth rate of the prior decade. While the need to replace a fleet that averages 9.4 years old in the U.S. favors the auto industry short-term, demographics and driving trends argue against a robust recovery, he said. Citing his own teenage children and their friends in Toronto, Mr. Gomes said, "they just prefer taking the train." But some argue it's not a permanent shift in preferences away from driving -- rather a shift toward driving later. 'Delayed, not denied' Driving is more likely "delayed than denied," argued NADA's Mr. Taylor. "That age cohort may eventually get married and have children. Living near work is something you do when you're young and single, and when you start picking out schools and amenities you want for your children's development, people are less willing to live near the office." According to DOT data, it costs $8,000 a year to operate a car based on the average 15,000 annual miles driven. In all, Americans spend $1 trillion to $2 trillion annually on automobiles, Mr. Draves said, including everything from the cars themselves to the roads they run on, the gas they need and the $100 billion spent insuring them. The trend of Gen Y driving less is definitely on the radar of State Farm, said Tim Van Hoof, director-marketing communications at the No. 1 insurer, and it's changing how it goes to market. The company just launched a new campaign targeted at younger customers that "tries to start a broader conversation," about life, renters and homeowners policies, rather than just auto, he said.Of course, cars won't disappear, nor will the changes happen overnight. Mr. Draves predicts that by 2020, the combination of younger people driving less and boomers retiring will cut mileage driven in the U.S. by half. Today, only 30 of the 100 metropolitan areas that account for three quarters of U.S. population have trains, but Mr. Draves said pressure is building to build more. Denver, Charlotte, N.C., and Portland, Ore., are among those with systems under development, and Cincinnati is debating the development of a streetcar system that would link its downtown with uptown neighborhoods increasingly popular with young professionals. NADA's Mr. Taylor acknowledged that telecommuting is growing, but not as fast as pundits predicted five or 10 years ago. And while there is a train line being built in front of NADA' McLean, Va., offices, it's been a difficult process for which funding was tough, he said. "If job prospects improve," he said, "people will want the personal freedom and mobility that owning a car provides." Source: LERN/Nine Shift Institute, based on data from the National Household Travel Survey from the Federal Highway Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation, validated with the FHA and Duke University statistician Laura Taylor. Source: U.S. Department of Transportation ~ ~ ~ Contributing: Jeremy Mullman Get unlimited access to Advertising Age. Subscribe today. Request a Reprint of this article. LOOKBOOK MORE STORIES FROM THIS ISSUE How to Make Over a Magazine for the IPad: Time How to Make Over a Magazine for the IPad: Men's Health How to Make Over a Magazine for the IPad: Popular Science Bring on Digital: Why I No Longer Consider Myself a Traditionalist URL Shorteners in High Demand With Revenue as Low Priority All the World's a Game, and Brands Want to Play Along Americans Downing Less Beer, Sparking Brawl Among Brewers Why You'll Pay More to See Popular Science on IPad What's the Next Orphan Brand as Marketers Look to Trim? Swearing During Family Hour? Who Gives a $#*! See the entire May 31, 2010 Ad Age print edition RSS feed of comments Comments Most Read Why Magazine iPad Subscription Numbers Are Worse Than You Thought These Vine Celebs Made $10,000 in Six Seconds on Their Mobile Phones Can AOL's 'Barbell' Ad Strategy Save Digital Publishing? Baltimore Sun Home Page Takeover Turns Back Online Advertising's Clock Hershey Picks UM for Global Media Most Commented Baltimore Sun Home Page Takeover Turns Back Online Advertising's Clock The Next Great Advertising Blip Is Just Around the Corner Why Magazine iPad Subscription Numbers Are Worse Than You Thought Can AOL's 'Barbell' Ad Strategy Save Digital Publishing? Timberland, Kenneth Cole Track Shoppers Who Opt-In For Deals Most Emailed Study: Consumers More Likely to Shop On Mobile Devices Than PCs AT&T;'s Stone-Faced Funnyman Beck Bennett Is SNL's Newest Cast Member Why Magazine iPad Subscription Numbers Are Worse Than You Thought Hershey Picks UM for Global Media Timberland, Kenneth Cole Track Shoppers Who Opt-In For Deals Sign up for the Ad Age Digital newsletter: YouTube Original Channel Tracker Biggest Mover of the Week: WSJDigitalNetwork +448%  Creativity Picks Audi Features Christopher Reeve as Clark Kent in U.K. Campaign Sometimes, you don't have to be the one in the spotlight. Sometimes you can be just as powerful when you're the sidekick, the mediator -- or the alter-ego.  AdAge.com Home This Week's Issue DataCenter Jobs Events Newsletters Resources TalentWorks Ad Age Events White Papers & Marketing Information 360 Multiplatform Media Services Help Center Subscriptions Media Kit List Rental Download Current Edition Print Archive Columns Rance Crain Al Ries The Media Guy Guest Columnists News Agency News CMO Strategy DataCenter Digital Hispanic Marketing Blogs & Columnists More from Ad Age: Creativity | AdAge DataCenter | AdAgeChina | AdAge on Campus | Crain's Brands | RSS Copyright &copy; 1994-2013 Crain Communications | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Contact Us  