  AOL MAIL You might also like: Autoblog , Autoblog Green , Translogic and More AOL Autos Main New Cars Research Cars ChooseControl Free Price Quotes Best Deals Car Finder Find Inventory Dealer Directory Compare Cars Owner Reviews Available Incentives Financing Used Cars Used Car Search Certified Pre-Owned Kelley Blue Book Values Owner Reviews Vehicle History Reports Ownership &amp; Repair Get a Repair Estimate Repair Shop Directory Dealer Directory Do It Yourself Tips Auto Insurance Recall Center My Wheels Sell Sell Your Car Kelley Blue Book Values Technology All Car Technology Technology Award Translogic Techsplanations Audio &amp; Infotainment Articles &amp; Videos All Articles All Photo Galleries Auto Topics Autoblog Autoblog Green Auto Videos AOL Autos Giveaway Car Safety Send Feedback You are here: Cars > News Categories > Car Repair Q&A; Car Repair Q&A; Car Repair Q&A; articles Mechanics Selling Customers' Cars Illegally Posted Jun 26th 2013 by AOL Autos Normally a mechanic can put a lien on a car for failure to pay for a repair and then sell that car if the cost isn't paid off within a certain amount of time. Some shady mechanics are using liens to make extra cash by selling cars out from under their customers. ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Dirty Parts Scam Mechanics Use To Make Big Bucks Posted Jun 24th 2013 by AOL Autos Staff You go to a mechanic to investigate a weird rattling sound, and suddenly the repair costs are stacking up for problems and replacement parts you never knew existed. Do you trust the knowledge and experience of the mechanic or do you investigate for yourself? ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; The Most And Least Expensive States For Car Repair Posted Jun 11th 2013 by Michael Zak | AOL Autos There are plenty of merits to living on the East Coast. Nice beaches, great cities, good food. But when it comes to car repairs, you're better off being almost anywhere else in the country. ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Preventing The Five Most Common Auto Repairs Posted Dec 22nd 2012 by AOL Autos Staff The last time we talked about preventing things from going wrong on a car, it was the five most expensive repairs that can be avoided with proper and smart maintenance. Those hideous wallet busters were provided to us by the folks at CarMD. Now, we tackle the top five most common repairs you can ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Flood Damaged Car? Here Is What You Need To Know Posted Oct 31st 2012 by AOL Autos Staff Thousands, if not tens of thousands of cars and trucks have been flooded by Hurricane/Tropical Storm Sandy. Do you know what you should do if your car is flooded, or of you see a flooded car?Here is our advice: ... CATEGORIES: Car Insurance Advice , Car Repair Q&A; , Car Safety Read & Discuss &#187; The Car Coach Tackles Your Questions Posted Mar 30th 2012 by Lauren Fix | For AOL Autos Dear Car Coach,We bought a Madza Tribute in 2005. Recently, we took the car into the dealer for an oil change and tire rotation, fluid-level check and general upkeep. We are a retired couple that drives moderately. The car has recorded 29,700. ... CATEGORIES: Car Warranties , Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Some Owners Fix Their Ford Taurus Acceleration Problem On Their Own Posted Mar 16th 2012 by Scott Burgess | AOL Autos While more than 395,000 Ford Taurus and Mercury Sables face government scrutiny for sudden acceleration problems, a problem that has stymied automakers and even NASA engineers, an anonymous gear-head may have already identified and fixed the problem. ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Questions Every Vehicle Owner Should Ask Their Mechanic Posted Apr 14th 2011 by Josh Max | AOL Autos "They can make up anything!" Seinfeld's George Costanza famously said of mechanics. "Nobody knows! By the way, you need a new Johnson rod in there." ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Quick-Lube Primer: Stop! Don't Go For Your Next Oil Change Before Reading This Posted Mar 31st 2011 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos Have you ever gone to a quick-lube place for an oil change and, while you're waiting in the lobby for your car, the service bay/sales person informs you that a certain service(s) "must" be performed on the vehicle immediately to avert a disaster of immense proportion? ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; , Motor Oil Read & Discuss &#187; Save Your Money: The 3,000 Mile Oil Change is the Dinosaur of Auto Repair Posted Mar 29th 2011 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos The 3,000-mile oil change has gone the way of the dinosaur. What do I base this statement on given my staunch support of the 3,000-mile oil change for so many years? Today oils and lubricants are so much better compared to several years ago. Under normal driving conditions, viscosity breakdown ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; , Motor Oil Read & Discuss &#187; The Best Kind of Repair Shop Posted Mar 7th 2011 by Often during my radio show I get the question, "Should I take my vehicle to a dealer, a local independent shop, or a specialist?" It's a good question, but the answer depends on various factors. ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; The Ultimate Insider's Guide To Finding The Best Auto Repair Shop Posted Feb 26th 2011 by Tom Torbjorsen | AOL Autos When is the best time to look for a high quality auto repair shop?Answer: before you need one.Because making a sound decision is difficult when you are faced with a car problem and time restraints, finding a shop takes time and patience; you want to research and evaluate the facts in a ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; When Gremlins Strike, Car Breakdown Insurance Is Ready Posted Feb 22nd 2011 by Gary Hoffman | AOL Autos At one time or another, everyone has lived this nightmare: You are driving along and suddenly a disturbingly loud sound rises up from deep inside your car. ... CATEGORIES: Car Insurance Advice , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Why Does My Car Repair Cost So Much? Posted Feb 15th 2011 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos People ask me all the time how the price of an auto repair is determined, usually phrased something like, "Why does my car repair cost so much?" This is a question worth asking, especially if you've been given a repair quote that runs into the hundreds or even thousands of dollars. ... CATEGORIES: Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Car Repair Prices Finally Exposed Through Web Apps Posted Dec 29th 2010 by Reilly Brennan | AOL Autos No matter how smart you are or how hard you try, you have the feeling you're get taken for a ride, don't you? For decades, car shoppers had that sinking feeling in their stomachs when they approached the dealership. Even the coolest hostage negotiator felt squeezed by the grip of the car salesman, ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Changing Your Cars Fluids Depends On Your Driving: Normal Or Severe? Posted Oct 24th 2010 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos Have you ever tried to actually read your owner's manual, especially the part about maintenance and service? As if this kind of stuff isn't confusing enough, there are always two schedules listed, one for a vehicle driven under "normal" conditions and another for "severe." But what exactly does this ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; 5 Auto Maintenance Procedures You Don't Need Posted Oct 22nd 2010 by Josh Max | AOL Autos P.T. Barnum said "There's a sucker born every minute," before the dawn of mass-produced automobiles, but peddlers of bogus mileage-enhancers and proponents of unnecessary auto maintenance procedures are carrying on Barnum's tradition. Everything from magnets to vortex generators to water injectors ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Brakes, Suspension, and Tire Maintenance Depends On Your Driving: Normal Or Severe? Posted Oct 10th 2010 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos Have you ever tried to actually read your owner&rsquo;s manual, especially the part about maintenance and service? As if this kind of stuff isn&rsquo;t confusing enough, there are always two schedules listed, one for a vehicle driven under &ldquo;normal&rdquo; conditions and another for ... CATEGORIES: Car Brakes , Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Parts Is Parts, Right? Part 2 Posted Sep 18th 2010 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos In the first part of this story we talked about the pitfalls of using the cheapest replacement parts. Our overriding message was &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t!&rdquo; But that&rsquo;s not the end of the story. Today&rsquo;s article will help make more sense out of the various grades of replacement parts on the ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Parts Is Parts, Right? Posted Aug 13th 2010 by Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos The world of auto parts is a murky one. There are so many manufacturers and quite a range of costs that one can easily be misled, and it is a situation that is only getting worse. Back in 2008 attendance by traditional vendors at the SEMA show, the big aftermarket parts trade show, was down over 30 ... CATEGORIES: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Read & Discuss &#187; Next Page  Advertisement featured videos car reviews and vehicle comparisons see all videos related videos 2010 Volkswagen CC Overview 2010 Porsche Panamera Overview 2010 Cadillac CTS-V Overview Video BMW 5 Series GranTurismo Overview Video Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 Overview Video 2010 Honda Accord Crosstour Overview Video 2010 Kia Forte Koup Overview Video 2010 Chevy Corvette Test Drive Video Daytona 500 Winner AOL Autos Interview Video Ford Transit Connect AOL Autos Original Latest Auto News Study: Car customer satisfaction down for first time in two years Study: The safest driving cities in America listed for 2013 Official: Nissan promising autonomous car production by 2020 Followup: NHTSA upgrades Corvette headlight investigation Report: Quartet of classic Chevys stolen during Monterey week Read This: Chrysler 'at war' with world's largest Viper club? New Jersey rejects 'ATHEIST' vanity plate for being offensive More Autos News &raquo; Trending in the Industry Here are the automotive topics that people are scrambling to search engines for. 2015 Ford Mustang Gas Prices Porsche Macan BMW Electric Car 2014 Ram 1500 Diesel BMW 4 Series Follow AOL Autos Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS Newsletter More Recent Articles Father Thanks Rescuers For Saving Family From Floodwaters Tesla Outsells Ten Major Car Companies In California Unusual Reason One Town Closes A Main Road Pay-As-You-Drive Insurance Growing Despite Privacy Concerns Birds Obeying Speed Limits, Researchers Say SmileDrive Boosts Road Trip Fun: VW and Google Pair Bluetooth Style New Small Car Folds In Half To Save Parking Space Americans Less Concerned About Dangerous Driving Activities Tesla Hopes To Build Affordable Electric Cars In Three To Four Years Crazy Truck Accident Caught On Video, Driver Will Be OK More automotive news & articles &raquo; Top 10 Article Categories Auto Recalls Weird Car News Driving Laws Fuel Efficiency Car Crashes GM News Speeding Police Cars Used Car Buying Car Repair Q&A; News From Our Automotive Partners  NHTSA Expands Chevrolet Corvette Headlight Investigation Mazda Expands SkyActiv Engine Production Cadillac Vsport to Claim Up to 15 Percent of XTS Sales More Stories &raquo;  BMW X1 Powder Ride is a skiers delight (Photos) The affordable fun list: Mustang GT, 370Z Roadster, IS350, Beetle and Veloster Good and bad classic car news (Photos) Don't miss out on these great SUV's (Photos) More Stories &raquo;  2014 Ford C-Max 2014 Ford Edge 2014 Ford Escape 2014 Ford E-Series More Stories &raquo;  Hyundai Gets Sued for 40 MPG Failure Ford Challenges Toyota Prius v with All-New C-Max How Luxury Carmakes Have Made Concierge Services a Battlefield How China Helps Expand Cadillac, Acura, Lexus, and Audi's Rear Row Seating More Stories &raquo; AOL Autos Send Feedback Read Car repair questions and answers news from Aol Autos and share your opinions on the latest Car repair questions and answers information. Learn Car Finder Best New Cars Compare Vehicles Article Archive Site Map Buy Calculators Cars for Sale Kelley Blue Book Free Price Quotes Auto Loans Own My Wheels Owner Reviews Auto Repair Insurance Automotive Technology Drive Cheap Gas Prices Rental Cars Road Trips Safety Traffic Reports Hot Rides 2015 Mustang Porsche Macan BMW i3 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel BMW 4 Series More Auto News Autoblog AutoblogGreen DailyFinance Autos Engadget Transportation TRANSLOGIC Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Our Ads Trademarks AOL Downloads Help AOL A-Z &copy; 2013 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved. 