 Prompt IE 6 users to install Chrome Frame. Remove this if you support IE 6. chromium.org/developers/how-tos/chrome-frame-getting-started  206.328.2200   Exact matches only   Search in title   Search in content   Search in excerpt   Search in posts   Search in pages   Search in groups   Search in users   Search in forums  Class Listings   Events   Instructor Bios   Discover Pratt The School The Instructors The Staff The Board The Newsroom Classes Glass Jewelry/Metals Drawing|Painting|Printmaking Wood|Stone|Metal-Sculpture Mixed Media Master Series Custom Classes Youth Teens Study Abroad Tuition Assistance Studio Rentals Glass Studios Jewelry/Metalworking Studios Printmaking Studios Sculpture Studios Engage Donate Membership Volunteer FAQ Events Lectures and Exhibitions Special Events Corporate/Private Events Art Parties Contact Pratt Pratt &gt; Events Events Pratt is THE place. We take art seriously, but we also love an event! Our events are a place to gather valuable skills, attend stimulating lectures and enjoy electrifying exhibits. We invite you to become part of our vibrant art community that thrills to the exploration of all things visual. We’re a culture devoted to sharing, so you’ll find no intimidation or snobbery here — just some of the most interesting folks and happenings anywhere. Events Lectures and Exhibitions Special Events Corporate/Private Events Art Parties Make a big impact on our creative community with a tax-deductible donation today! Donate Now Pratt depends on generous contributions to keep our class rates affordable, to offer free weekend classes for local children, to provide scholarships and tuition assistance for those in need, and to bring renowned Master Artists to campus to share creative intelligence from all around the world. Get updates from @ Pratt Enews The latest information about Pratt, classes, and events Workshop: Intro to Wood Lamination Techniques | 10.12 Fall Open House Special Events Each Fall, Pratt Fine Arts Center opens its doors to the public for “One Hot Night,” a free open house providing an exciting and welcoming environment for the public to learn about our dynamic studios for the visual arts. Keep Reading > Contemporary Makers Exhibition Lectures and Exhibitions , Special Events Contemporary Makers: The Jewelry of Julia Heineccius, Amy Reeves, Rebbecca Tomas, Vina Rust, and Julia Harrison Keep Reading > Sang-Mi Yoo Master Artist Lecture Lectures and Exhibitions Keep Reading > Artists in Residence Lecture: Piper O&#8217;Neill &#038; Chris Crites Lectures and Exhibitions Keep Reading > Annual Fine Art Auction: The Mad Pratter Special Events Join us on a trip down the rabbit hole at our 31 st Annual Fine Art Auction: The Mad Pratter ! Art from more than 200 artists, fabulous drinks in handmade martini glasses, and an evening of madness with your friends...you don't want to miss the most exciting art auction in the city! Mark it on your calendar: May 4, 2013. See you there! Preview the Auction Catalog Here! Keep Reading > Sarah Perkins Master Artist Lecture Lectures and Exhibitions Sarah Perkins to give Master Artist Lecture at Pratt. Keep Reading > One Hot Night- Pratt&#8217;s Open House Special Events Artist demonstrations and activities for kids inform visitors of Pratt’s unique classes and programs and offer visitors a chance to meet instructors, students, and staff. Join us and see dozens of artists blow glass, pull prints, carve stone, fabricate jewelry and forge hot steel! Keep Reading > Dan Webb Master Artist Lecture Lectures and Exhibitions Dann Webb has created large scale public art installations, and his work can be found in numerous private collections.  Dan is represented by Greg Kucera Gallery.  www.danwebb.squarespace.com Keep Reading > 2013 Fine Art Auction Preview Night Special Events Pratt Exposed: Preview the art and meet the artists during Pratt's Auction preview party and exhibition night! Keep Reading > Master &#038; Visiting Artist Lectures Series Lectures and Exhibitions Artists of national and international renown visit Pratt. Keep Reading > Pratt Hallway Gallery: Cynthia Hibbard Lectures and Exhibitions Image: Cynthia Hibbard, #15 , Etching. Photo by Ben Lerman. Keep Reading >  Discover Pratt The School The Instructors The Staff The Board The Newsroom Classes Glass Jewelry/Metals Drawing|Painting|Printmaking Wood|Stone|Metal-Sculpture Mixed Media Master Series Custom Classes Youth Teens Study Abroad Tuition Assistance Studio Rentals Glass Studios Jewelry/Metalworking Studios Printmaking Studios Sculpture Studios Engage Contact Pratt Donate Membership Volunteer FAQ Events Lectures and Exhibitions Special Events Corporate/Private Events Art Parties &copy;2012 Pratt Fine Arts. 1902 South Main Street Seattle, WA 98144. Site built by SeaMonster Studios Policies | Follow Us Top  