 TOYOTA NETWORKING ONLINE MAIN PART 1 History and Size PART 2 Organizational Culture Employment PART 3 Network Plan Intro Plan Progress Interview Bibliography TOYOTA ORGANIZATIONAL CULTURE Toyota represents one of the top automobile manufacturers offices in North America to work for. Toyota boasts that their, "integrity, passion, and innovation extend beyond vehicle manufacturing." 7 This bold statement is backed by a strong example of what policies and procedures have been put in place. The Toyota Corporation has demonstrated through history their ability to use forward thinking. For Toyota to foresee the growth that is to occur ahead, they must begin by looking at their past. Toyota has established itself as a top competitor in the North American and Global automotive market place by practicing the formula that started it all back in 1957. Hiring people not as employees but as individuals has set bar for corporate achievement. Understanding that people possess different strengths and abilities have benefited the individual through exploiting as many possible talents in one area, thus creating greater opportunity for growth within the corporation. Toyota's diversified employment approach births the new ideas and future concepts that keep emerging on the frontier of the automotive industry, thereby maintaining Canadian and Global industry leadership. One of Toyota's top ten official business strategies is to recruit the best and brightest, thereby creating new opportunities for partnerships. These key strategies give the perception to the consumer and employee that Toyota holds a "reputation for excellence" 8 on all levels of operation. Toyota believes in being ethical in the business sense as well as the social sense. Ethics begin at the core of the company and work their way out. Top management believes in diversification and through that diversification representing many faces at Toyota i.e. minorities. No stereotypical assumptions or prejudices are apparent at Toyota, just the selection of talented individuals who posses leadership and innovation. Socially, Toyota portrays as positive corporate image. Toyota quotes, "We also believe in helping people improve the quality of life in their communities. We work with organizations, schools, universities, and other businesses to support programs that help make our world a better place." 9 These ideals are practiced across the country and internationally. top ^ 7 Toyota. Culture. Retrieved on November 2, 2005 from www.toyota.com/html/talentlink/hr/whytoyota/culture.html 8 Ibid.(Culture) 9 Ibid.(Culture) &copy;The Toyota name and logo, as well as Toyota model names, are trademarks of Toyota Motor Corporation. 