 Money Money in Your 20s Search Money in Your 20s Get Started Financial Milestones Fix Money Mistakes Share Free Money in Your 20s Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Readers Respond: What's the Worst Car Buying Mistake You've Made? Responses: 69 By Miriam Caldwell , About.com Guide Share Your Mistake See More About buying a car selling a car car mistakes From the article: I Can't Afford My Payment! What Should I Do? We all make rash decisions, and foolish purchases occasionally, but when you do it with a car you may end up paying for it for a long time. What's the biggest mistake you've made? Or that you've watched someone else make? Share Your Mistake Down grade pains I was recently in a car accident and my car (2011 Hyundai Tucson) was a total lost. Sad but great chance to catch a break in payments ($450 + 102 insurance) not to mention repairs I couldn't keep up and a 172 round trip commute to work. Saw a cute 2012 Ford focus and felt confident about the purchase. Got the paperwork finished and drove it off the lot that night. By the time i made it to work the next day I was pissed. This model has some type of crazy transmission that hesitates and shifts hard from 1st to 2nd gear. The dealership performed some type of transmission reprogram. The dealership was legit and the car is ford certified Bought this car 8/15/13. Needed the great low monthly payment $333, but not the headaches... Want to take it back!! No more used cars for me! Lesson learned. &mdash;jazzyteacher07 $$$ warranty ??? NO ... In 2006 I struck a deal of $15,000 for a 2003 Volvo S60 with under 25,000 miles on it . This was 1/3 less than the dealer was asking for , but I did get snagged on the $1200 warranty they sold me up to 75,000 miles ~ it's a Volvo S60 ~ what the heck was I worried about ??? They were an excellent car ..... 102,000 + now .... &mdash;Guest Ice cube stuck for life...fml Long story short. Over had slot of vehicles in my day and I'M 24. I was never satisfied with any of them. When it got down to me buying a truck for 23000 and then trading it back in, I got a Chrysler 200 which was 26000. Already from looking at their worth I got ripped off. I then got married and needed a bigger truck than the first one I had for fishing and surfing so I traded in that car for a Dodge ram 2013 for an unbelievable balance of 36,000 and it was a base model kind also. I recently tried to trade that in for a super cheap car with no incentives but they left me with no option but just to keep it. I pay 600 a month. I put my wife as the main signer on the contract. I just cosigned. She had way better credit. Point is, I am trying to somehow sell it so I can have 0 debt, and start over. Hay my wife Almost won the powerball lotto yesterday,one number off. Dam right. Well pray for us y'all that we get rid of this thing and start over now knowing how much dealerships rip folks &mdash;Guest chris First time car buyer mistake I bought a 1999 Acura for 2K from my landlord, engine light on, 200k miles, both stickers expired, after a month of being angry at myself I decide to sell it, A guy came to look at it and found all the issues, brake pads failing, bad head gasket, and he offered me 1.2k, I rejected it because I thought it was a low offer, so I waited a week and no one else wanted the car, I called the guy up again but now he only wants to give me 1K. I'm tempted to accept his offer, i'm already down 1K, don't want it to get worse. &mdash;Guest DT Wish I knew what I know now About a year ago I purchased a 2012 Escape because I was pregnant and needing a four door. Fed up with my used car having problems, I wanted a brand spanking new one. I loved the look of the SUV. Not really knowing how to get a better price and really just being taken advantage of, I let the dirtbag dealer basically make a big fat check off of me. Basically if I had known that you CAN talk the price down to be lower I would have saved at least 5K and that's a lot of money to me...well great I have to live knowing how stupid I was to make that mistake. I think I will keep it because selling it I would lose even more money..great &mdash;swindled Guys are so into cars expensive hobby Meet my boyfriend and moved into together after we got engaged and when we were dating I had a car that my dad had given me and felt he wanted to impress me and thought because I had a car he needed one too.. Long story short he got a car the only place that doesn't car about your life or what you can afford which was of course a dealership. Bought a 2005 dodge, was $8,000 and in less than a year the insurance is higher than the $172 car payment because you need full coverage to cover a car loan. In less than a year the dealership only wants to give us $2,000 when he still owes $4,783. These numbers don't add up they never do from a dealership he thought buying used saved him so much money when even a used car is going to give us a negative this year about $2k loss. After him being unemployed and me taking over the payments we are going to have to sell it for a loss to just get through this mess and now he knows he has to save up his money to pay on the spot cash no more loans. &mdash;Guest Rina B Save I bought a brand new 2012 fusion when I turned 20 and I don't regret it because I saved up and put 10 thousand down and I shopped around like crazy. I got 0% interest and my payments are manageable.save up and shop around you are spending a lot of money. &mdash;Guest Sam where to start I worked for a restaurant, got into a 2000 Volvo S 40 that could not even pass an inspection. My partner ended up getting a Nissan Merano. Big mistake! It got reposessed bills--got tight while we were renting and now we have a 87 300 Diesel Benz. Crosses fingers. The car is mint with over 300k on it but the engine and all is is good working order. I find it hard for some of us that are trying to go to school but can't even rub 2 cents together. It's very irritating I have to say. I refuse to go to dealerships for the high intrest rates. I just buy the cars second hand and cross the fingers. Oh yeah not to mention before my gram died she bought me an 07 Volvo S60 my mother curently drives after she came back from Guatemala. I'm getting pretty iritated since my gram bught me that kinda sucks just saying. Even people's family members can take advantage of those. Any sugestions would be greatly nice to see. This sucks lol. &mdash;Guest kevin Awful Mistake Well guys here it is, the worst mistake of all time for buying a car.Had a reliable mid-90's Pathfinder, never had any issues with the car but it was getting 'old'. The vehicle was completely paid off and only cost me $60/mo in insurance. Well, thinking I deserved a new vehicle, I bought one off the lot for $29000 all options etc. Now I have to pay $176/mo insurance + $656 car payment monthly. That's more than my rent! I'm losing so much cash that I could be saving for a down payment or something... believe me guys just get a reliable used vehicle for cheap and be happy. &mdash;Guest Austin Huge mistake! In July 2012, being 18 I wanted my own vehicle. I ended up buying a 2003 Jeep Grand Cherokee at 7% interest with a $220 a month payment. I HATED THAT JEEP! In the first two car payments I had to replace the A/C, Rebuild the Transmission, Replace Tie Rods, Replace Ball Joints, Rebuild the Transmission AGAIN, and it squeeked terribly. After driving it for three months and getting an incredible 9 mpg I decided to trade it in. Finding another auto loan was impossible, I ended up with a 2008 Dodge Grand Caravan with payments of $451 a month at 17.9% interest. The Grand Caravan was almost as bad as the Jeep, it guzzled oil like someone in he** would guzzle ice water. I drove the van for three months before it got totaled in an accident, the insurance sent the bank a check for $10650 when I owed $17000. Finding another auto loan was impossible, finally Ally bank financed a 2010 Dodge Journey for me at 16% interest. I still drive the Journey and so far it has been a very good vehicle. &mdash;Guest Austin EZ Solution Seems like everyone has to go through the car hell before figuring things out. If you got screwed here's my advice: get 2 jobs and pay the stupid car off! Also take care of it and dont go out slamming it around and trashing it. Get a Chiltons manual and learn how to check fluids and etc, and have some know how-- you want the car to last and last. &mdash;Guest Some Guy Absolutely bad deal! I had a nice 01 volvo in really nice shape. It was great! But I somehow decided that I needed a nice 4x4 for winter. I could have kept the volvo, it did great every winter. but the 21 year old spoke on my conscience and I went to the dealer. I saw a 2003 Land Rover Discovery, THE WORST MISTAKE!!!! After a few months of driving the gas is too much! It started leaking a lot of oil and it eats up antifreeze like no other!... I was told it was in great condition!--Right... Worst I went from having a nice little volvo which was very reliable to having a 14,000 dollar car that's worthless! I HATE THIS CAR!! I'm stuck with it for another 3 years. &mdash;Guest Antonio Stupid me Paid off my car loan on my 2000 echo 2yrs ago. Felt I needed an upgrade to a 4x4. Decided on an fj cruiser 2012. Big mistake getting a new car. Should have cost me $500/mth but by the time I left the dealer, I am stuck with $700/mth for the next 7yrs...ouchie, wish I could turn back time....NEVER GET A NEW CAR, NEVER GO TO A CAR DEALER ALONE. TAKE YOUR TIME TO THINK ABOUT THE COST BEFORE SIGNING THE CONTRACT. Fast forward 1yr, I was going through the contract and saw that most of the extended and replacement insurance I got could be cancelled within 10days but Toyota never told me. I can even return the car within 2days but they never told me either... &mdash;Guest Ouch I HATE THIS!! So feb 2012 I get a small lump-some and cash out the car I always wanted, a 2002 Chrysler 300m special. It was perfect for the lifestyle of a 19 year guy in school and working minimum wage. Then I get fed up with not making enough money to support my over the top shopping addiction so I get this AMAZING job in sales making like 2k a month. At this point I'm 20 yrs old, making all this money and felt like I'm just so above this old car and had to have something new so then i go to this crazy place and trade my car for a 2008 Jeep Command with 32k miles. The moment I walked out and saw my old car I asked myself "why am I doing this"? But I was so high off the moment of getting a new car and my father that consigned for it was totally supporting the situation so I ignored the guilt. Now I'm beyond stressed out b/c I'm not making near as much as I was and the monthly payments are $499 with a 24% interest rate. I feel like my life is RUIN and I don't know why I did this. Any advice please!? &mdash;Guest NS3 wow im a dumb idoit So I'm the dumbest person here I had realible 2000 ford that my parents gave me nooooooooo payments. But being young and dumb 21 year old I go out and think I need to get a new vehicle that looks good. I end up getting a 2010 Ford Fusion leaving the lot with a 17 thousand dollar loan paying 467 month and the car vaule only being 12,000. Wow now I cant trade it in or anything I'm darn near stuck. iIDK what to do. &mdash;Guest candice 1-15 of 69 Next Share Your Mistake What's the Worst Car Buying Mistake You've Made? Guest Name * Login with Member Name or Register Response Title Response Email (optional) Receive a one-time notification when your response is published. Post my response on Facebook when it's published. User Agreement Buying and Selling a Car How to Sell Your Car When You Owe Money on It Before You Buy a Car How to Shop for a Car Loan Get Control of Your Debt How to Set Up a Debt Payment Plan How to Buy Your First Car Are You House Poor? Related Articles Getting Rid of Your Car - Save Money without a Car - Budgeting Salvage Titles - Good or Bad? What Is Your Experience? Top 5 Biggest Mistakes When Buying a Car Share Your Mortgage Pay Off Story I Can&#39;t Afford My Car Payment! What Should I Do? - Help! My Car Payment... Miriam Caldwell Money in Your 20s Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum Top Related Searches buying a new car rash decisions 2005 mazda 3 cosigner car co junkers Explore Money in Your 20s Must Reads Beginning Finances 6 Major Financial Steps in Your Life Managing Your Money While in College How to Set Up Your Budget Get Out of Debt Most Popular What Is the Difference Between a Credit Card... How Much Money Should I Save Each Month? Adjusting Your Paycheck Withholdings How To Close Your Checking Account Learn the Most Important Reasons to Save Money By Category Money in Your 20s Basics Banking Saving and Investing Your Credit Managing Your Debt Weekend Challenges Student Loans Your Retirement Your Job Insuring Yourself Taxes Books, Tools & Resources Money in Your 20s About.com Money Money in Your 20s Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 