 Skip to main content search Berkeley web Directory NewsCenter MAP | CALMAIL | bCONNECTED | SEARCH:  Students Prospective students Faculty Staff CalParents Alumni &amp; friends Quick Links Schools, colleges &amp; departments A-Z index of websites Academic calendar Events Courses (General Catalog) Schedule of classes Summer sessions bSpace TeleBears BearFacts International student services Jobs Career Center Diversity, equity & inclusion Libraries Museums Computing Blu Bookstore Cal gear Rec Sports Health services (Tang Center) Emergency preparedness About Berkeley Applying to Berkeley Academics Research Teaching Working Campus life Overview Entertainment Sports and recreation Student Affairs Housing &amp; dining Student organizations &amp; activities Health &amp; safety News &amp; media Student resources A-Z Shopping (Cal gear, computers) Public service &amp; community Visiting &amp; getting around Administration &amp; services In Dirks&#8217; first back-to-school briefing, undergrads grab the spotlight New scholarship program supports students in STEM fields Disabling enzyme reduces tumor growth, cripples cancer cells, study finds Bikeshare and share alike: where (and why) to saddle up Cocaine&#8217;s effect on mice may explain human drug-seeking behavior More news &gt; On this page Arts, films, and music Media On-campus dining Related information Libraries Museums &amp; collections Additional news and media around campus Bay Area activity &amp; dining guides Arts, films, and music Events calendar : Comprehensive, searchable calendar of campus events, organized by date and type.  Cal Performances : Showcase for performing artists and cultural luminaries &mdash; from cellist Yo-Yo Ma to jazz vocalist Dianne Reeves and economist Paul Krugman. Berkeley Art Museum : Permanent and visiting art exhibitions, featuring established and emerging artists from around the world. Pacific Film Archive : Daily screenings of cinema from every film-producing nation; more than 600 distinct programs a year. Department of Music : Excellent and affordable performances by student, faculty, and guest musicians on the Hertz Hall stage feature many types of music from a variety of cultures and time periods: University Symphony Orchestra and Choruses, Gamelan, Baroque, African Drumming &amp; Dance, Gospel, Band, Jazz &amp; Improvised, and New Music ensembles. Many performances are free, including the popular Wednesday noon concerts. Department of Theater, Dance &amp; Performance Studies : Student theater and dance productions, events, and master classes, and a &quot;Making Theater&quot; series. SUPERB Productions : Rock-band concerts, first-run films, comedy nights, and other entertainment organized by student organization. The  Greek Theatre : The traditional venue for Commencement,  the Bonfire Rally, and other campus events &mdash; and a great  place to hear live  music . ASUC Art Studio : Classes in art, crafts, photography, and writing, with ceramics, darkroom, and digital-lab facilities. Lunch Poems : Series of free monthly poetry readings, held in Doe Library's venerable Morrison Library. Music performance opportunities : Rich performance opportunities include participating in the university orchestra; university, chamber, and gospel choruses; Indonesian gamelan; jazz &amp; improvised music; baroque; wind; and African ensembles. Other opportunities include performing in undergraduate composers club concerts, and auditioning for the opportunity to perform a concerto with the orchestra or a noon concert in Hertz Hall. Auditions , if required, often take place during the first week of each semester. Media Podcasts, Web video/audio Daily Cal : Award-winning independent, student-run newspaper, established in 1871. UC Berkeley NewsCenter : Campus news portal, with comprehensive coverage of Berkeley news and events The Berkeleyan : Weekly faculty and staff newspaper. KALX : Student-run campus radio station, at 90.7 FM. On-campus dining The Bear's Lair : Food court and bar, located on the ground floor of the Martin King, Jr. Student Union. Free Speech Movement Caf&eacute; : A casual caf&eacute; and study spot, located at the entrance to Moffitt Library. Wall exhibits pay tribute to the FSM; events and exhibits at the caf&eacute; offer a forum on current-day political and social issues. Cal Dining restaurants : The Golden Bear , Ramona's Cafe , Pat Brown's Grill and The Terrace Cafe  <br /><a href="#">Text link to more social media</a> UC Berkeley Websites A-Z Add site to A-Z Policies Contact us Copyright &copy; UC Regents; all rights reserved 