  Continue Reading&raquo; Advertisement You will be redirected to the page you want to view in seconds.  JOBS CARS HOMES APARTMENTS SHOPPING CLASSIFIEDS FORECLOSURES Hi, My account Newsletters Log out Log in Subscribe Activate E-Newspaper Help Staff Directory Subscribe Subscriber Services Advertiser Tools Archive Site Map News Sports Downtown eGreenville Entrepreneurs Natural Beauty Opinion Living Crime & Arrests Making Your Voice Heard Statewide News Photo Galleries Education Video 7-Day Archive Long-term Archive Weather LATEST HEADLINES Governors back Haley with eye on White House They came to offer support to Nikki Haley in her bid for a second term as governor of South... - 11:50 pm Shots lead to more patrols along Swamp Rabbit Trail Reports of gunfire again along the Swamp Rabbit Trail have prompted authorities to increase their... - 7:46 pm Clyburn to run for 12th term next year U.S. Rep. - 3:15 pm Clemson USC Furman High Schools Drive Road Warriors SAIL Running LATEST SPORTS HEADLINES Swinney says Georgia running backs 'gonna be a handful' Georgia's talented running back tandem of sophomores Todd Gurley and Keith Marshall should be... - 1:39 pm Gamecocks say they're ready for hurry-up Heels The North Carolina ' - 12:08 am Furman linebackers hope speed carries them past inexperience Of the 87 Furman football players on this year's roster, 64 are underclassmen. - 12:13 am Arts Off the Menu blog The Golden Strip Greer/Taylors Easley/Powdersville Travelers Rest LATEST STORIES City, businesses and residents at odds over downtown Greenville parking In his office, Mayor Knox White keeps a folder almost too thick to close. - 10:41 pm Clemson real estate development program moving to downtown Greenville this fall University officials announced Thursday that the program will move to the Falls at Clemson campus,... - 6:30 am Entrepreneurs give new energy to hubs at downtown's edge Ten years ago, the neighborhood along Pendleton Street was quiet. - 11:38 am eGreenville e-edition Calendar Movies & Showtimes Dining TV Listings Crosswords Sudoku Horoscope Lottery Numbers LATEST ENTERTAINMENT NEWS Lady Antebellum returning to the Bi-Lo Center this winter Get stoked, country music fans: Lady Antebellum will return to play the Bi-Lo Center on Saturday,... - 11:15 am '42' actor and S.C. native Boseman to play James Brown in biopic NEW YORK Â&mdash; After bringing the history-making U.S. - 1:37 pm Video: Jaw-dropping performance at the VMAs - 9:53 am Business News The Pipeline Insider Voices Building Permits Property Sales Foreclosures Jobs Stocks LATEST BUSINESS HEADLINES Greenville 'just hitting its stride,' expert says at econ roundtable The future of economic and business development in the Upstate will rest on education, experts told... - 3:40 pm Local workshop to help women start or grow a business Women who are considering becoming their own boss or need help growing their existing enterprise... - 10:08 am First Solar sells projects to group led by GE First Solar Inc. - 8:04 pm Nuclear Waste Twelve Mile River LATEST STORIES Mudslides close state parks, floods hit homeowners' wallets Multiple landslides along mountain streams and in the steep ravines of Jones Gap and Caesars Head... - 7:31 am Rainy summer making life good for weeds, but not for Upstate homeowners Summer is always the busy time of year for lawn maintenance. - 8:07 am Editorials Letters Guest Columns Harvell Cartoons Submit a Letter LATEST EDITORIALS, COLUMNS & LETTERS Harvell cartoon - 4:58 pm Writer unfairly blames colleges for nation's ills A recent letter writer is distressed at a perceived lack of proper values from our nation's public... - 4:58 pm SC needs more action on obesity Greenville News editorial: SC needs more action on obesity - 4:58 pm Greenville People Lifestyle Talk Greenville City People Parent Weddings & Engagements Supper Swap Girls LATEST STORIES Serenity Place expanding to serve more women with addictions Launched almost two decades ago, Serenity Place is poised to embark on long-awaited renovations... - 5:08 pm Swinney Foundation helps moms battling addiction On a grassy two-acre lot bordered by single-family homes and an aging factory not far from downtown... - 4:13 pm Many local areas lack sidewalks Moving from a subdivision in Simpsonville to the Augusta Road area has enabled Scott Thompson to... - 6:13 pm FEATURED: Obituaries e-editions Talk Greenville Best of The Upstate/vote DealChicken  Search Search in News Archives Local Deals Yellow Pages  ADVERTISEMENT e-Edition Bon dance festival returns to Greenville Lifeit Cafe serves up new menu Sip into fall at Rick Erwin's Fountain Inn arts center announces new season Calendar | Add event Movie showtimes Local artists directory Blogs: Off the Menu | Greenville On Tap | Arts Twitter: @eGreenville Restaurant inspections Apps: iPhone | Android eGreenville The Arts Cocktail recipes Event Calendar Movie Showtimes Off the Menu Blog Greenville On Tap Blog Downtown Greenville sponsored by  Top News Most Popular Lady Antebellum returning to the Bi-Lo Center this winter 11:15 AM Get stoked, country music fans: Lady Antebellum will return to play the Bi-Lo Center on Saturday, Jan. 11, 2014, according to the band's website. '42' actor and S.C. native Boseman to play James Brown in biopic 1:37 PM Review: 'Laughter' inspires plenty of chuckles Aug. 26, 2013 Children's Theatre pulls out all the stops for 'Annie' season opener Aug. 23, 2013 Speaking with 'One Voice' at Greenville Little Theatre Aug. 23, 2013 Affleck to play Batman in 'Man of Steel' sequel Aug. 23, 2013 Pelzer native Austin Webb's single 'Slip on By' gains traction with national airplay Aug. 22, 2013 Greenville rally recognizes the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington Aug. 22, 2013 Bon dance festival returns to Greenville Aug. 22, 2013 VIP gala offers sneak peek inside Indie Craft Parade Aug. 22, 2013 MORE: More eGreenville stories , @eGreenville on Twitter , On Stage SEE MORE SHOWS On Screen SEE WHAT'S IN THEATERS The Arts with Paul Hyde SEE MORE FROM Paul Hyde PBS and SCETV present riveting documentary tonight about &#8216;The March&#8217; Martin Luther King's "I Have a Dream" speech, delivered 50 years ago Wednesday, is generally acknowledged as one of the most powerful oratio... Saturday rally pays tribute to march and &#8216;I Have a Dream&#8217; A rally Saturday in Cleveland Park seeks to answer some fundamental questions, according to organizer Traci Fant:"How can we try to live up... PBS and SCETV offer a fascinating &#8216;Life of Muhammad&#8217; Leave it to the BBC and PBS to bring a serious, thoughtful and even-handed touch to a potentially controversial subject.More than two years... MORE: Local Artists Directory Off the Menu with Lillia Callum-Penso SEE MORE FROM Off the Menu Devereaux&#8217;s Keeps on Foodie Festin&#8217; Apparently, Devereaux&#8217;s had such a crowd during Foodie Fest that the restaurant decided to continue the fun with another week of deals... Get your Restaurant Deals During Foodie Fest Here&#8217;s the scene &#8211; it&#8217;s Friday night and you&#8217;re looking for a place to go to dinner. You toss out a few of your trie... Bavarian Pretzel Factory Moving &#8211; some details So you may have seen on Facebook that Greenville&#8217;s venerable German restaurant on Woodruff Road, the Bavarian Pretzel Factory, is chan... Greenville On Tap with Eric Connor SEE MORE FROM Greenville On Tap Beer Guy: Already time for Oktoberfest brews Liberty Tap Room mixes things up This has been a summer of change for the Liberty Tap Room &amp; Grill.For one, the deluge of fly balls clearing the Green Monster at Fluor ... Sake: the Asheville brew world&#8217;s next big thing The Supper Swap Girls SEE MORE FROM the Supper Swap Girls Kiki&#8217;s Slow Cooker Mexican Chicken and Rice Kids are back in school and with after school activities you may find you have less time in the kitchen. Dust off the crock pot and say hi ... Kiki&#8217;s Spinach Salad Kiki&#8217;s Spinach SaladIn the Summer when figs are at their BEST I like to add them to my salads! This is a light but delicious Summer ... Steph&#8217;s Broiled Salmon with Summer Relish Steph&#8217;s Broiled Salmon with Summer RelishNever grill salmon again- really! Your broiler is the perfect machine to create restaurant w... MORE SUPPER SWAP GIRLS: Facebook , Twitter , Movies from USA TODAY and Associated Press SEE MORE Movies 'The World's End' marks last call for trilogy Simon Pegg, Nick Frost and director Edgar Wright end the series on a funny note, of course. Ben Affleck is the new Batman 'The World's End' does drunk acting right The latest movie reviews James Brown biopic to be filmed in Mississippi In superhero genre, movie girl power is in short supply Joss Whedon backs Ben Affleck as Batman By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and Cfound at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. ENTERTAINMENT / Kidding Around: A 5K with pups, an outdoor movie and a woodsy adventure Whether you choose to observe dragonflies, strut with the mutts or watch a movie from your car, this weekend contains fun events for the whole family. This weekend would also be the perfect time to take a family outing to the TD Saturday Market, where local peaches should be plentiful. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / S.C. parks feel the pain from so much rain I woke up this morning and it was raining. It rained yesterday, and the day before that. The forecast calls for a few dry days coming up, but I'm betting it rains. You likely suspect the same. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Fountain Inn arts center announces new season American Idol finalist Casey Abrams, The World Famous Glenn Miller Orchestra and the Celtic dancing of the Women of Ireland are among the highlights of the new season at Fountain Inn's performing arts center. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Folk Art Center keeps artisan traditions alive There was a touch of fall in the air and a splash of color on the dogwoods at the entrance to the Folk Art Center on the Blue Ridge Parkway last weekend. Now is a very good time to visit the home of the Southern Highland Craft Guild, located in east Asheville, since this time of year is between peak visitation times in the mountains Â&mdash; summer and fall leaf peeping season. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Pelzer native Austin Webb's single 'Slip on By' gains traction with national airplay The day Austin Webb's destiny caught up with his mind was so chilly he could see his breath as he sat in the twilight beside Johnny Cash's grave in Hendersonville, Tenn. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Greenville rally recognizes the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington A rally Saturday in Cleveland Park seeks to answer some fundamental questions, according to organizer Traci Fant: 'How can we try to live up to the standards of Dr. King's dream? What can we do as a community to unify and support freedom, justice and equality?' Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Bon dance festival returns to Greenville The 18th Annual Bon Dance Festival runs this Saturday from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. at McAlister Square. There will be crafts, games, prizes, martial arts demonstrations, and traditional Japanese arts including calligraphy, the Japanese Tea Ceremony and origami. Admission is free. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Fitz and the Tantrums bring high-energy live act to The Handlebar What started off as a chance phone call to session drummer John Wicks has turned into one of the hottest breakout groups of the year. Formed in Los Angeles less than five years ago, Fitz and the Tantrums have taken the country by storm with their fun yet earnest blend of Motown-by-the-way-of-'80s-dance-pop. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / The allure of the online book club I'm in a book club ... on Facebook. Whenever I tell people this, they either think it's a clever idea or that I need to get out of the house more. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Useful wine accessories: Start with a good, sturdy corkscrew I've said it before: You don't need much to drink a glass of wine. You need the wine, of course, and a glass (though a cup or mug will do). And, depending on the bottle of wine, you might need a corkscrew. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / VIP gala offers sneak peek inside Indie Craft Parade Can't wait to get your eyes and hands on the handmade goods at Indie Craft Parade? Consider getting a sneak peek and early access with the VIP gala, going on the night before the main event. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Lifeit Cafe serves up new menu When she was 23, Latrice Folkes decided to make a change. She was tired of having no energy, tired of having skin problems, tired of feeling bad. So, she became a vegan. It wasn't an easy thing to do living in the South, but Folkes was hooked once she started seeing the results of the new animal-free diet. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Sip into fall at Rick Erwin's The recent drop in the mercury has brought on wistful thoughts of fall and cooler weather for many, including mixologist Anthony Simon. The head bartender at Rick Erwin's West End Grille has turned his eye to the changing season and created a drink perfect for fall. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Falls Cottage restaurateur shares her recipe for success Mary Jones is pretty sure it was the broccoli salad that gave her the edge. It was 2004, and the Carolina Foothills Garden Club was looking for a new restaurateur for the Cottage at Falls Park. Jones was one of three local chefs who made it to the final group of choices. Aug. 19, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Authentic punch brings Jamaican party to Main Street From the music filling the room to the seasoning on the jerk chicken, everything inside Jamaica Mi Irie on Main Street is an authentic taste of Jamaica. That includes the big pitcher of bright red Jamaican rum punch behind the bar, said restaurant owners Kameka Officer and Michael Sullivan. Aug. 16, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Greer trio return from ride across country to raise money to fight blindness For three Greer brothers, the term 'road weary' took on a whole new meaning this summer. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Local group creates mini-series for the sci-fi set He works at a thrift store. He doesn't sleep. He cleans when he's bored. He can cause citywide power outages. And he comes from another planet. He's one of the main characters of 'I Married An Alien,' a comedy miniseries being produced in Greenville by a group of Bob Jones University grads. They're currently using the crowdfunding website Kickstarter to raise money necessary to finish shooting their pilot episode. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Kidding Around: Learn the 4Rs at Smokey Bear exhibit This weekend is the perfect chance to have fun with your budding artist with several artsy events in Greenville. In addition, parents of small children will want to be sure to schedule a visit to the kid-friendly 'Smokey Bear & Woodsy Owl: Home Sweet Home' exhibit at the Upcountry History Museum. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / A novel prompt: Upstate novelist's writing workshop succeeds Having been to many writing workshops over the years, I've come to see writing prompts as a kind of elaborate game of Scattergories. Sometimes they help, and sometimes they don't. Every once and a while, though, these little classroom germs grow into short stories that then become fabulously reviewed first novels. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / BoDeans take the TD Stage on Thursday The BoDeans' most recent album Â&mdash; the group's 11th Â&mdash; is all about our fractured but still vastly promising nation. The band will feature songs from that 2012 album, 'American Made,' at its Thursday concert on the Peace Center's outdoor TD Stage. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Bombadil takes the stage in Greenville Bombadil will be performing at both Horizon Records and The Radio Room Friday. The Horizon Records show will be somewhat of a record release party for the latest record, 'Metrics of Affection.' Horizon Records offers these in-store music performances on a regular basis both in the shop and next door in the Bohemian Cafe. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / GLOW program trains future stars of the stage Last week Grace Gilday was a Victorian lady in Gilbert & Sullivan's 'Pirates of Penzance.' This week, she's a post-apocalyptic apostle in 'Jesus Christ Superstar.' Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Backstage: They're learning on the set Recently, 24 veteran and aspiring theater professionals attended a stage management workshop at Warehouse Theatre. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Sagrantino: Italy's little-known grape that has big aspirations I recently had the opportunity to taste four different red wines made with the sagrantino grape. Three of the four were 100 percent sagrantino; one was a blend. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / 5K Glow Run set for Sept. 7 in Simpsonville A 5-kilometer race next month will fill Heritage Park with laser lights, black lights and dance music to help raise money for a Simpsonville-based group that rescues children from trafficking and abuse in Nicaragua. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Mushroom foraging gains popularity in Greenville If collecting wild mushrooms to cook sounds like a dangerous hobby to you, brace yourself Â&mdash; you're mycophobic. You're also missing out on a highly nutritious, organic, delicious Â&mdash; and free Â&mdash; delicacy, and a lot of outdoor fun. But there's a cure. Aug. 15, 2013  ADVERTISEMENT Explore on your smartphone Get the insider's guide to what makes downtown Greenville great by downloading our Destination Greenville App for your iPhone or Android device . <p>With the app on your phone, you can search a calendar of the biggest events, as well as restaurants, museums, theaters, shopping, public art and historic points of interest -- all based on what's nearby. You can also get information about downtown churches, ATM locations, downtown parking and health services.</p> LocalData.ini Playlist Id: 48724971001 See all Video eGreenville videos Ricky Martin Admits to Bullying Gay Men as Form... (1m2s) 'NSync Reunion Reminded Them What They Hated Ab... (1m8s) Madonna Made $125 Million Last Year (1m15s) New Report Claims Lamar Odom Had Serious Dug Pr... (1m9s) Police Mistake Boat of Celebrity Lookalikes for... (1m10s) Tweets from @GreenvilleNews/egreenville See all Events Things To Do 17th annual Biltmore Concert Series - lineup will be announced in the spring Biltmore Estate Tuesday, Aug 27 Charles Hedgepath Smiley's Acoustic Cafe Tuesday, Aug 27 at 6:30PM - 6:30PM Greenville Drive vs. Charleston Fluor Field at the West End Tuesday, Aug 27 at 7:05PM - 7:05PM Year of Altruism: Altruism, Civility and Protest in Dr. Martin Luther King&#039;s &quot;I Have a Dream&quot; Speech Upcountry History Museum Wednesday, Aug 28 at 12:00PM - 12:00PM Century BMW Reedy River Concerts: True Blues The Peace Center Wednesday, Aug 28 at 7:00PM - 7:00PM Greenville Drive vs. Charleston Fluor Field at the West End Wednesday, Aug 28 at 7:05PM - 7:05PM Year of Altruism: One Voice: A Black History Narrative Greenville Little Theatre Wednesday, Aug 28 at 7:30PM - 7:30PM Deathtrap Flat Rock Playhouse Main Stage Wednesday, Aug 28 at 8:00PM - 8:00PM Greyson Turner Band Mac's Speed Shop Thursday, Aug 29 Piedmont Natural Gas Downtown Alive: Contest NOMA Square Thursday, Aug 29 at 5:30PM - 5:30PM MORE: Music | Arts | Sports | Movies | Dining Restaurant inspections Click for a searchable database of area restaurant inspections.  More Metromix On Metromix Loading... ADVERTISEMENT  Subscribe today for full access Current subscriber? Activate your account Reset your password Enter your email and we will send you a link to reset your password. Email Reset my password Cancel OK Resend Email Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136 Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. Email Employee Account Password Forgot your password ? Log in Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136or Chat now Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. Email Employee Account Password Forgot your password ? Log in Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136or Chat now Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136 We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access. Become a subscriber today to enjoy these benefits: Unlimited access to our Web site iPad-optimized edition Mobile site &amp; iPhone app View subscription options Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. You now have full access. Thank you for subscribing. View articles, videos, galleries and more &ndash; 24/7 Access the tablet-optimized site, mobile site and iPhone app Share your access with any friend or family member Subscriber exclusive Top 5 daily email newsletter You will automatically receive the GreenvilleOnline.com Top 5 daily email newsletter. If you don't want to receive this newsletter, you can change your newsletter selections in your account preferences. Continue &gt; Register Create an account or if you have a digital profile log in . Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now.  Name Gender Select Female Male Birth year Zip code Email Password (5-30 characters, no spaces. Letters and numbers only.) Create my account Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136or Chat now Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights , and Ad Choices You must have browser cookies enabled to view our site. It's possible that your browser cookies are turned off. Read our FAQ page to find out how to enable cookies in your browser. Account issue We're sorry, your shared access privileges have been removed by the subscriber. You can still look at a limited number of articles per month. Subscribe now Continue reading Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136 Account issue We're sorry, this account no longer has full access. You can still look at a limited number of articles per month. View my account Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136 Your trial period has expired Become a subscriber today to continue enjoying all of the products The Greenville News has to offer View subscription options Learn more Need help? Call 1-800-736-7136 Flash is required to continue To continue using your current Web browser, Adobe Flash must be installed or upgraded: Download Adobe Flash Player Or you can download any of the following supported modern browsers: Firefox Chrome Safari  ADVERTISEMENT Site Map | Back to Top NEWS Crime & Arrests Making Your Voice Heard Statewide News Photo Galleries Education Video 7-Day Archive Long-term Archive Weather OPINION Editorials Letters Guest Columns Harvell Cartoons Submit a Letter SPORTS Clemson USC Furman High Schools Drive Road Warriors SAIL Running HELP Staff Directory Subscribe Subscriber Services Advertiser Tools Archive Site Map DOWNTOWN Arts Off the Menu blog The Golden Strip Greer/Taylors Easley/Powdersville Travelers Rest ENTREPRENEURS Business News The Pipeline Insider Voices Building Permits Property Sales Foreclosures Jobs Stocks EGREENVILLE eGreenville e-edition Calendar Movies & Showtimes Dining TV Listings Crosswords Sudoku Horoscope Lottery Numbers NATURAL BEAUTY Nuclear Waste Twelve Mile River LIVING Greenville People Lifestyle Talk Greenville City People Parent Weddings & Engagements Supper Swap Girls FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Mobile RSS E-mail Alerts  News | Jobs | Cars for Sale | Homes for Sale | Apartments for Rent | Shopping Copyright &copy; 2013 www.greenvilleonline.com. All rights reserved. Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights , and Ad Choices  