  Home About Us About Us Contact Us Team PRP Testimonials Parts Service Dept Services Schedule an Appointment FAQ Tips &#038; Preventive Maintenance Warranty Facility Tour Resources Used Vehicles Warranty  Welcome to Fox Auto Parts Family owned and operated since 1973 Fox Auto Parts is a state of the art automotive recycling center in Belleville, MI. MORE Car &amp; Truck Parts We offer a complete line of new, used and rebuilt parts Use our auto parts search engine to find the car or truck part you are looking for! More Complete Auto Service Fast, friendly and competent service From performing an oil change all the way up to rebuilding your engine, our service department has you covered! More Quality Used Vehicles Quality used cars and dedicated service Whether this is your first purchase with us or one of many, you can count on us for the best experience possible. More Tour Our Yard Take a look around our facility! We are constantly changing and improving our business, check back to see all of our projects as we finish them! More Welcome to Fox Auto Parts! Fox Auto Parts is a family owned and operated company that is dedicated to serving all of your automotive needs! We strive to provide our customers with a positive buying experience at all times. We recycle over 800 late model vehicles a year in an effort to have the part YOU need in stock! Even if the part you need is not available at our location, Fox Auto Parts has proudly partnered with Team Premium Recycled Parts, a group of over 100 high quality yards around the country that will allow us to locate a quality part and have it shipped in a timely fashion. We also carry a full line of new parts, and proudly offer a full service department staffed with 6 ASE and State certified technicians operating 12 vehicle hoists.Fox Auto Parts is here to help in any way possible! Give us a call today at 800-851-3277!  We've got you covered Used Car Parts Tips and Maintenance Car Repair and Service From recycled parts to full vehicle service, Fox Auto Parts can help keep your vehicle on the road! Click here to schedule your appointment today! More From quality used parts, new aftermarket parts, remanufactured &amp; OEM parts, Fox Auto Parts is here to help! More Are you doing everything possible to help maintain your vehicle? Perform these simple checks and catch issues before they happen! More We house a complete auto repair center, with 12 service bays and 6 full time ASE certified technicians. More  Back to Top Home Contact Us About Us Resources Schedule an Appointment Warranty Used Vehicles  Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter  Fox Auto Parts, Recycled Auto Parts in Belleville Michigan is proudly powered by WordPress Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) More Car Repair WordPress Themes at TemplateMonster.com 