 Stumbleupon Facebook Twitter Digg Google Delicious Linkedin TodayFamous  »  Arts and Entertainment  »  Humor Home Add Your Buzz Categories Join Our Page Follow Us Search Something Keywords:  Popular Humor Buzz 5 ways the game can affect your social life (226 Views) The compass always points North (188 Views) Ice cream truck driving self-seductive indeed (185 Views) Funny Christmas Stories (171 Views) The Duckling (152 Views) Arts and Entertainment Humor Movies Music Highest Rated Humor Buzz Falling Down (God) Thanks for impious vacation How the Button Facebook share is boring My most embarrassing moment Comedy of errors today I caught a Bank robber Latest Humor Buzz Funny Christmas Stories Twice a crime, in half the time! Three Do's and Do Not's about dressing Up like a pirate Ice cream truck driving self-seductive indeed The Fence Letter from the Saudi-Brits abroad The cream of society YouTube is doing truth or dare videos  Humor News Buzz Letter from the Saudi-Brits abroad Arts and Entertainment » Humor Observations by a newcomer to Dubai about ex-pat behavior overseas. Some things that are funny, some of the things to be ashamed of.Her left breast out of her dress spilled low-cut sapphires as he stumbles down the stairs from a portaloo. Others try to escape before he reached a sandy beach, but he... Read More Posted: 19 Apr 2012 Tags:      Letter from the SaudiBrits abroad Letter from the SaudiBrits abroad  The cream of society YouTube is doing truth or dare videos Arts and Entertainment » Humor When you followed the news on the internet, you will see a new "truth or dare videos" posted online all the time. The post all this video? People of all ages from all over the world. YouTubers are most active with truth or dare videos generally are much younger, and often teenage girls.Truth or dare... Read More Posted: 18 Apr 2012 Tags:      The cream of society YouTube is doing truth or dare videos The cream society YouTube doing truth dare videos  Friendship SMS determines the value of good friends in our lives Arts and Entertainment » Humor SMS is known as text messages through which you can send feelings, information, ideas, etc. to others in less time. In the life of a busy day is very important to get in touch with all your friends and one way to do this is to give friendship SMS to them. Think of all the friends who make a difference... Read More Posted: 16 Apr 2012 Tags:      Friendship SMS determines the value of good friends in our lives Friendship SMS determines the value good friends our lives  Funny Short Stories Arts and Entertainment » Humor Tells the humorous short story is an art in itself; just ask stand-up comedians who tell the same joke over and over and yet it still begs the loudest laugh from their audience every time. Indeed, it is the delivery of the story from beginning to end that makes it funny, the anticipation building up... Read More Posted: 12 Apr 2012 Tags:      Funny Short Stories Funny Short Stories  The compass always points North Arts and Entertainment » Humor All my life I have a bad sense of direction. Constant state of lost, and afraid of the same driving me home many events in my life. When I was younger I would go places if the simple instructions or I could go with someone. People who have a good sense of direction did not understand this. It is not... Read More Posted: 07 Apr 2012 Tags:      The compass always points North The compass always points North Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 « Prev Page Next Page » Home Add Your Buzz Categories Join Our Page Follow Us © 2012 - TodayFamous 