
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Segmental Info System 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
                                        Monday August 26, 2013
                             
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hawaii Arts and Entertainment 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 Hawaii Guide 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 
 
 Hawaii's arts and entertainment are not only great vacation diversions, but an important part
of island culture as well 
 Artistic Amusements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Why Not Go? 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 Past and Present 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Culture 
 Economy 
 History 
 Religion 
 
 
 
 
 Planning  Your Trip 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Getting Info 
 Making Decisions 
 Booking Your Trip 
 When to Go 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts and  Entertainment 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Crafts 
 Dance 
 Film 
 Literature 
 Music: 
 Musical  Instruments 
 Musical  Influences 
 Musical Traditions  and Styles 
 
 Theater 
 Visual Arts 
 
 
 
 
 Food 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Culinary Styles 
 Beverages 
 Seafood 
 
 
 
 
 Getting Around 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Bikes and Mopeds 
 Buses 
 Cruises 
 Rental Cars 
 Taxis 
 
 
 
 
 Travel Basics 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Site Info 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Search 
 Sites of Interest 
 Suggest a Site 
 Terms of Use 
 Contact Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The history and culture of the Hawaiian islands is a major part of what
makes the region so fascinating. The islands are a melting pot of international cultures and
heritage that have come together to form a unique blended society. Both in Hawaii's history and
present day time, arts and entertainment have been key in portraying the culture of the Aloha
Islands. 
 Before the first words were ever written in Hawaii, the art of
storytelling played a significant role in keeping the history of the islands and their people
alive. The orators of Hawaii were considered living libraries, as they had to memorize and recite
extensive accounts of historical events, legends, and other folklore. 
 The ancient inhabitants of Hawaii believed that words held
tremendous, and even supernatural, powers used to communicate with their gods and goddesses. They
believed that the power of words brought knowledge that must be protected from all but the islands'
high priests. Therefore, the Hawaiians didn't develop a written language until after the arrival of
Western culture. With the arrival of many foreign cultures to the islands, the native people found
it necessary to learn how to read and write in order to understand the ways of these newcomers.
Since then, reading, writing, literature, and the desire to learn spread throughout the islands
like wildfire. 
 The early islanders used the power of words in religious
ceremonies and other celebratory events, where they combined the spoken word with music and dance.
Hawaiian folk music was used for many different occasions, particularly to express emotions. One of
the most popular Hawaiian music performances is the hula. This particular style incorporates dance
choreography, harmonies from various instruments, and chanting. The hula has helped gain worldwide
popularity for the music of Hawaii. When most people think of Hawaiian harmonies, the instrument
that comes to mind is the ukulele. Along with traditional island music, there are several other
genres of music that are popular on the Aloha Islands including jazz, hip-hop, and Jawaiian, which
is a combination of reggae with Hawaiian sounds. Annual music festivals are held throughout the
year on the islands to celebrate the sounds of Hawaii's diverse music. 
 Just as captivating as its island melodies is Hawaii's
indisputable beauty. Hawaii is very well known for its gorgeous natural landscapes and tropical
scenery, which have not escaped the eyes of artists. The visual arts have a special place in the
culture of the islands, especially on Maui, Oahu, Kauai, and the Big Island, which all have a large
number of museums and art centers. There are plenty of festivities focused on art to be enjoyed
while visiting Hawaii. 
 Not only has the scenery of Hawaii captured the attention of
artists, but its natural beauty has lured in filmmakers as well. The film history of Hawaii goes
back to even before it became a part of the United States. From soundless short flicks to feature
length mega-films, Hawaii has been the stage for numerous movies and television shows. Along with
the big-screen and television, Hawaii also has a number of performing arts theaters where live
dramatic performances take place. 
 No matter if you love theater, still life, oil paintings, or
novels, Hawaii's arts and entertainment has a little of everything, so you can learn more about the
culture of the islands while being thoroughly entertained. 
 
 
 Print this Article 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When to Go 
 Crafts 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 ABOUT SEGISYS 
 TERMS OF USE 
 CONTACT US 
 SUGGEST A SITE 
 
 
  -  dash right to the info you want 
 Copyright &copy; 2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 Print &nbsp;&nbsp;
                     Return to Normal View 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
