 OldBrowser Coupon  Live Chat by AliveChat GooglePlus Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook YouTube RSS Feed Home Our Locations Chrysler Jeep Kia Nissan Pre-Owned New Vehicles Search New Vehicles New Sedans New Coupes New SUVs New Mini-vans New Hatchbacks New Trucks Value Your Trade Pre-Owned Search All Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Sedans Pre-Owned Coupes Pre-Owned SUVs Pre-Owned Mini-vans Pre-Owned Hatchbacks Pre-Owned Trucks Value Your Trade Specials New Vehicle Specials Pre-Owned Specials New Arrivals Cars Under $10,000 Carfax 1 Owner Financing Finance Department Finance Application Finance Specials Value Your Trade Get a Quick Quote Payment Calculator Buying vs. Leasing Parts & Service Schedule Service Order Parts Body Shop Appointment Service Specials Brake Repair Oil Change Tires Ask A Tech Dealer Info Contact Form Hours & Directions About Us Employment Meet Our Staff Schedule Test Drive Reviews Search New Inventory Search >> Read Our Reviews Read More >> Search Pre-Owned Inventory Search >> Welcome to Youngblood Auto Group serving the greater Springfield, MO area. Youngblood Auto Group is a Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan Auto Dealer Our goal is to make your car buying experience the best possible. Youngblood Auto Group's virtual dealership offers a wide variety of new and used cars , Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan incentives, service specials, and Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan parts savings. Conveniently located in Springfield, MO we are just a short drive from Branson, MO and Marshfield, MO. If you're looking to purchase your new dream car , you've come to the right place. At Youngblood Auto Group we pride ourselves on being the most reliable and trustworthy Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan dealer around. Our inventory is filled with some of the sweetest rides you've ever seen! The Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan Dealer You Can Count On We're the kind of Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan dealer that takes the time and listens to the wants and needs of our clients. We understand that buying a car is a process that takes a certain amount of careful consideration. It's a lot to wrap your head around but at Youngblood Auto Group we do our best to make the car buying experience an easy one. We're the kind of Springfield, MO car dealer that helps you decide exactly what you're looking for. We won't ever make a sale that our customers will end up being unhappy with. We're proud to be the type of Springfield, MO Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan dealer that strives for 100% customer satisfaction. There are several important factors to take into account when choosing a car: How many people do you drive with every day? How far do you drive on a daily basis? What kind of terrain or traffic do you need to tackle? What does your gasoline budget look like? Are you looking for a sports car or would you prefer a family friendly vehicle? How much money are you looking to spend on your new car? Do you need financial assistance ? Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissans For Everyone We are the Springfield, MO car dealership that caters for a whole variety of clientele. We understand that all of our clients have different financial situations and have done our best to ensure that our cars come in a variety of different shapes and sizes, and that their price tags vary as well. We not only have an amazing selection of brand new cars but have also acquired an impressive selection of pre-owned vehicles that are just as fantastic. Because our customers are so important to us, we'll also take the time to find you some great financing options if you need them. At some point in our lives we all need a little financial boost, and at Youngblood Auto Group we do our best to find a reasonable loan that enables you to purchase the car you've always dreamed of. If you would like to get in touch with us please don't hesitate to give us a call at (417) 882-3838 or stop by for a visit . Youngblood Auto Group's range of car services includes: New Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan Sales Used Car Sales Car Loans and Auto Financing Certified Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan Auto service department Full selection of Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan auto parts and after-market accessories Servicing Your Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan Vehicle Need Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan parts in Springfield, MO? Need to schedule Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan service in Springfield, MO or Branson, MO? Schedule your next Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan oil change in Springfield, MO . Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan transmission repair in Springfield, MO Need Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan brakes in Springfield, MO? Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan Car Shopping Quick Links New Chrysler, Jeep, Kia, Nissan near Springfield, MO Used Cars near Springfield, MO Value your trade-in near Springfield, MO Apply for Vehicle Financing near Springfield, MO 222582|5122 Home Our Locations Chrysler Jeep Kia Nissan Pre-Owned New Vehicles Search New Vehicles New Sedans New Coupes New SUVs New Mini-vans New Hatchbacks New Trucks Value Your Trade Pre-Owned Search All Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Sedans Pre-Owned Coupes Pre-Owned SUVs Pre-Owned Mini-vans Pre-Owned Hatchbacks Pre-Owned Trucks Value Your Trade Specials New Vehicle Specials Pre-Owned Specials New Arrivals Cars Under $10,000 Carfax 1 Owner Financing Finance Department Finance Application Finance Specials Value Your Trade Get a Quick Quote Payment Calculator Buying vs. Leasing Parts & Service Schedule Service Order Parts Body Shop Appointment Service Specials Brake Repair Oil Change Tires Ask A Tech Dealer Info Contact Form Hours & Directions About Us Employment Meet Our Staff Schedule Test Drive Reviews home | terms of use | privacy policy | recent customers | site map Youngblood Auto Group &copy;    - All Rights Reserved CRM, Website &amp; SEO Powered By VinSolutions.com&trade; 