  This is a Pop  Up Free Web Site! (If  you get pop up ads they didn't come from us)  High quality, &quot;How To&quot; restoration videos show step by step how antique and collector car owners can restore their vehicles, be they a vintage hot rod, historic, classic car, street rod or truck.  Automotive Parts Sponsored Ads See us in the Eastwood catalog Search for Videos We are always looking for new automobile related links. If you know of one, send the information to us by &quot; ADD A LINK &quot;. Thanks for your support. See the link at the bottom of the page ( or click here ) for General Part Suppliers, Discount OEM Parts, Sites that have multiple web addressees listed by make, etc. Online Part Supplier Ratings MyPartz.com - Auto Website Reviews - Provides reviews of automotive websites selling parts for cars, trucks, and motorcycles. Part Finders Auto Parts Finder - The latest and fastest on-line auto parts finder on the net. Auto and Truck Parts Finder - This is the place to find or sell late model or old model auto and truck parts either new, used or reproduction. Findpart - Parts locator for all type of vehicles Free Car Breakers & Used Part Finder - Car-Breakers.Info- instantly sends your request to the UK 's leading breakers The Locator Magazine - Find used and recycled auto and truck parts with our easy-to-use database. PartsHotLines. - Our site is unique in that we offer the only site on the web which enables the user to search the top auto recycler's inventory real-time / live and have accurate used part information returned within seconds. We have over 1000 of the Top Recyclers in the nation as members. PartRunner - Finding used parts for classic and late model cars now is easy with Partrunner.com. Used parts hotline, autorecyclers, junk yards, repair and restoration tips Toms Auto Parts - Tom's Auto Parts &locating; service "No Part Too Big Or Small!!" Specializing in new and quality used auto parts, for all years, makes and models. U Need A Part - An Internet Parts Locator for auto, truck, & motorcycle parts. Used Parts Central - Used Auto Parts Locator Service Used Parts Live - The largest online free used auto parts locating service connecting buyers & sellers in real-time. Used Auto & Truck Parts Locator - Online parts locator connects used car part buyers with a nationwide network of salvage yards, junkyards and used car parts dealers. Used Auto Parts Finder - Use our Large Network of Auto Parts Dealers and Salvage Yards to find you the lowest prices on Used Auto Parts! Used Auto & Truck Parts Locator - Online locating service distributes used part requests to a nationwide network of auto salvage yards across the country. Used Car Parts Locator - Specializing in locating used automotive parts, engines, transmissions, body parts, bumpers, fenders, engine parts, and auto accessories for all domestic and import vehicles. Parts Click Here for Online Part Supply Stores, Discount OEM Parts, General Part Suppliers, and sites with Multiple Web Sites listed by make, etc. 1A Auto - 1A Auto sells quality aftermarket auto parts, both modern and classic. We sell convertible tops, carpet, dash restoration products, interior parts, headlights, mirrors, exhaust, window motors and regulators, grilles, and much more. 2KRacing.com Performance Parts - Performance parts for import and domestic. Intakes, Exhausts, Headers, Altezza Lights... Free Shipping! Aachen Auto - We are salvage yard,body shop, you can search for used parts on our site & link's to car-part.com AC Compressors for Import and Domestic Vehicles - A full range of AC compressors for all vehicles on the road. Order Online! Large selection of new and remanufactured. Free Shipping and Low Prices. Airking Auto Industries - Airking Auto Industries - Manufacturer & exporter of brass auto parts, automotive valve accessories, and all kinds of tyre tube valves including rubber base tube valve, truck and bus valve, and tractor tube valve. Antique Tractor Store - Purchase parts and manuals for older and antique tractors. An extensive research center is available. Arrowhead Radiator Service - Offering sales of automotive, heavy truck, and industrial radiators, and charge air coolers, including technical articles on overheating and radiator failure charts. Autos Ahoy - Online source of auto parts and services. Auto Body Parts Spoilers Body Kits! - Auto parts online store offering a variety of auto body parts, auto accessory, car parts, auto parts, body kits, car spoilers, rear spoilers, car body kits, etc. Auto Car Radiators Store - Discount OE and aftermarket radiators for most cars and trucks Automobile Bumper - Online store selling aftermarket car bumpers and truck bumpers. Auto Computer Exchange - We Stock over 20,000 ECM/ECU/PCM's for quick delivery to you! We ship in 24 hours 2nd day UPS!! 1 Day optional cost! Call us for Free Technical Support 1-888-664-8787 AvengerCylinderHeads.com - Shop Online for 5 Axis CNC Ported Cylinder Heads that produce winning performance. Edelbrock, TrickFlow, CANFIELD, and BRODIX - Big and Small Block Ford and Chevy. We carry a full line of valves, springs, retainers and more for a complete one stop in-house facility. Belair Auto Parts - I specialize in 49-54 Chevy parts but carry Chevy parts from the 30's to the 60's Billion and Trillions of Auto Parts - Muscle Car Parts Rust Free! Stainless Polishing Guru, Welding Too! All Parts For Oldsmobiles, Pontiacs and Buicks Full Size GM. Bresco Vehicle Services - Bresco are suppliers of exterior and interior trim clips, fasteners, fixings and motifs for the automotive restoration market. Briles Vintage Auto Parts - We are suppliers of New, Used, NOS, NORS, Vintage auto parts for your Antique, Classic, Special Interest, Muscle Car, Street Rod, Rat Rod, or Hot Rod Buy online car-mats - You can on our site buy car-mats for a little bit money! California Push-Pull, Inc . - Custom built push pull control cables, Throttle cables, clutch and brake cables. Full line of hardware and lever and shifters. California Mustang Parts - The Mustang parts and accessories online Superstore, Cal-Mustang.com Cam Techniques - Manufacturer of custom camshafts also restores camshafts. Car Steering Wholesale - Steering Racks and Steering Gearboxes for every car on the road.Low Prices and Free Shipping! Carolina Classic Trucks - 1947 to New Truck & SUV Parts and Accessories at Unbeatable Prices Case's 55'-56'57' Chevy Parts - Classic Chevy Parts for sale, (No Truck) new &amp; used. We have the Largest selection with the lowest prices in the Mid-West. 1-800-466-0041. Located in Chesterfield, IN. E-mail us now for all your Chevy needs! Chevs of the 40s - Chevs of the 40's is the Worlds most COMPLETE supplier of 1937-1954 Chevrolet Car & Truck parts. We carry over 8500 parts. Car catalog $4.50, Truck $4.25 Clark's Corvair Parts - Parts of all sorts for Covairs Classic Car Springs - Classic Car Springs, your first stop for leaf springs for your classic car! We carry Coil springs and chassis parts as well Classic Enterprises - Re-Manufactured Body Panels for Jeeps & all post-war Studebakers. Floor & Trunk Panels, Patch Panels,Structural Supports, etc. & '57-58 Ford Retractable/Convertible Floor Panels. Classic Jaguar Parts - Featuring hard to find classic Jaguar parts, vintage Jaguar parts, and classic Fiat parts. Call (323)751-1635. We ship anywhere in the world. Classic Junkyard.com - A new classified site which offers free listings to sell cars, parts and anything automotive. Classic Performance Products - Suspension, Brake and Steering Kits for Chevy and Ford Cars and Trucks. Classique Cars Unlimited - 1958 to 1988 Lincoln and Thunderbird Parts and Appraisals. Custom Street Designs - Import & Domestic Auto Accessories/Performance Parts including lowering springs, cold air intakes, euro lights, power windows, power door locks and more. CV Axle Express - Quality CV Axle remanufacturing and sales, almost any model. Over 1,000 axles in stock, lifetime warranty on all axles. Dashtrims.com - place to shop for custom made dash kit, carbon fiber dash describe: Dash trim, dash kit, wood dash, woodgrain dashes, carbon fiber dash trim kits, aluminum Der Tuner - Performance for the Street! Come in and find out! Dialarad car radiators - Supply delivery and fitting service for automotive, commercial, agricultural and plant radiators. We also supply custom and reconditioned radiators throughout the UK Early Birds Muscle Car Restoration Parts - Restoration parts store for popular GM muscle cars with a specialty in Camaro, Firebird, Chevelle, and GTO. Eastwood Company - The Eastwood Company provides unique automotive tools and supplies, as well as expert advice and solutions, for the classic car and hot rod enthusiast. Eastwood also sells our Collector Car Restoration Tapes . Eautoworks.com - Performance parts and body kits describe: Custom car parts delivered straight to your door. Choose from import car body kits, truck accessories, car headlihgts, auto fog lights and more. Easy onlin ordering! Ecparts - Specializing in Restoration Parts for 1973 to 1987 El Camino, Malibu, GMC Sprint and Laguna Edelbrock Performance Parts from Lesco . - The Edelbrock line of Performance parts at WD prices.Also Isky Cams, KB Pistons, Crower, ARP, Scat Cranks and Rods. Fel-Pro Gaskets - We have product pictures and specifications. A top service Yahoo Store. Gary Harmon's Restoration World - Chevy restoration parts for Impala, Chevelle, Nova, Camaro, Truck, Belair, Monte Carlo GearHead Racing Parts - Offers performance racing parts at discount prices. German Star - Parts and accessories exclusively for Mercedes Benz. The Glass Man - We have all of the factory original blue print glass patterns for all makes and models' dating back the 1920's and specialize in custom flat glass for chopped and modified hotrods. Receive a 5% discount on all of our flat and curved glass by mentioning the discount code TGM4. Call us at (530) 642-2600 or (530) 6226-6923. Golden Mile Sales Inc . - We carry a full line of American Austin and Bantam cars, parts, and accessories. GMSI currently produces over 50 replacement parts. The site contains product info, shows & events, galleries, and in the future an online catalog. Please stop by for all your American Austin & Bantam needs. Grossmueller Classic Corvettes - We buy &amp; sell Corvette parts for 1953-1962 Corvettes. We also have a chrome exchange service, stainless polishing add rebuild services. Hite Parts Exchange - Rebuilt and remanufactured auto parts and classic auto parts restoration. Just Dashes - Interior Vinyl &amp; Hard Plastic Restorations &amp; Reproductions Impala Bobs - 49 up Chevy parts and accessories. Industrial Seats Co. - Offers heavy equipment, tractor, and replacement truck seats. Specializes in ergonomically designed suspension seats that support 350 lbs. drivers and operators. Jaguar Parts Superstore - Jaguar parts and acessories for Jaguar XJ6, XJS, XJ40, XJ8, and all other models from 1979 to present. Unique online catalog, technical information, and weekly specials. Jimmy's Bowtie Supply - New and used parts for first and second generation Camaro's. This site includes monthly specials and a complete parts inventory is being added. Free technical advice is available. A special sections shows pictures of customer's cars. A fun site with lots of photos! Johnson's Hot Rod Shop - Street performance cars and parts. Custom built rods of all kind, performance parts, rodding gifts and apparel. Junk Yard Dog ® - Free parts request form and Salvage Yard Database. Land Rover Push Pull Cables - Supply Land rover speedometer cable, choke cable, bonnet cable, Accelerator cable, handbrake cable. Mercedes Benz Parts and Restoration - Miller's Inc . - New parts and restoration supplies for the Classic Mercedes Benz Coupes, Convertibles and Sedans. We reproduce many parts no longer available from Mercedes Benz which are shipped all over the world. Visit our online store. Mercedes Benz Owners Resources - Articles, mailing lists, access Mercedes Benz parts and tools Mt. Carmel Spares - Alfa Romeo Parts & Restoration. Reproduction parts, decals, detailing. New old stock spares. My Impala - Features performance parts and upgrades for the Chevy Impala. Newstalgia Wheel - Street Rod, Muscle Car and Retro-Style Wheels No Limi Motorsport - From AEM to Z10, No Limit Motorsport has you covered for all your performance needs.... Northland Fasteners - Has largest selection of fasteners for early and late model domestic and foreign vehicles on the Internet. We can supply all your fastener needs. Oxygen Sensor Wholesale - Sells Bosch oxygen sensors at discount prices. Phle Oil Seal, Rubber - ISO-9002 certified, Oil Seal, O-RIng, Packing, ANY RUBBER PRODUCTS. Online parts list and ordering. Planet Auto Body - Click here if you need good quality auto body parts with good service and superb low price. See for yourself a great value on your money PowerTrack - PowerTrack, in the UK offer a wide mail-order range of brake and clutch parts for classic and vintage cars with World-wide delivery available. Orlando Mustang - Shelby Mustangs and Mustang Parts. PDQ Auto Body Supplies - Carrying all popular auto body supplies. Specializing in auto body fasteners in bulk and small quantities at great prices. Serving the entire US. email: autoclips@aol.com Quality Used Auto Parts - We provide used auto parts for customers nationwide. Radiator.com - More than 60,000 radiators and ac condensers in stock for all makes/models, built to OEM specs for perfect fit and quality. We have a low price guarantee and lifetime warranty on all our parts. Rare Spares - Genuine & Reproduction parts and accessories for new and old cars. Rebuilt Auto & Marine Engines Store - Offers remanufactured and rebuilt auto and marine inboard engines! 7-Year warranty! Rebuilt Automatic Transmissions - Offers remanufactured and rebuilt automatic transmissions Rebuilt Manual Transmissions - Offers remanufactured and rebuilt manual transmissions and transfer cases Restored-Classics - Vintage and classic cars & Parts - restoration articles, photos, classified adverts submitted by individual user for parts for sale, wanted, cars (free listings) listing by make, year and model. Restoration Supply Company - Thousands of hard to find restoration parts for your vintage vehicle restoration. Brass, nickle, hoses, clamps, molding, flooring, electrical, spark plug cable and ends, ect. See our on-line catalog. Retro Rockets - Electronic ignition conversions and retrofit kits. Ricambi Sport - High Performance Parts; Specializing in Performance and OEM replacement Brake parts and other accessories. Richard's Auto Sales &amp; Salvage - buy and sell restored &amp; restorable classic cars &amp; parts Rimier Motor Sport - Performance Parts for German vehicles RockAuto.com - Auto Parts for Cars Built Since 1945 - Unique, easy-to-use online auto parts catalog. Name brand car parts for every make and model. Back to 1945 for some vehicles. Seat Cover Specialties - Manufacturer of quality custom seat covers for any vehicle, and a leading supplier of auto accessories. S&S; Automotive - Wholesale auto parts in St. Louis, Missouri Special Interest Autos - Antique Auto Electrical Parts and Restoration describe: We specialize in electrical parts for most makes of antique autos, from the 1910's through the 1970's. We provide show-quality restoration of your distributor, generator, starter, switches, and vacuum controls. Sport Compact Warehouse - Sport Compact Warehouse provides peformance parts and accessories... Star Auto Electric Company -We specialize in the remanufacturing of all automotive generator, alternators and starters for British vehicles. We also are a full line supplier of electrical components for all vehicles. Suburban Wheel Cover - Secure online ordering of hub caps, wheel covers, center caps, trim rings, wheels, cd players, Altezza tail lights and much more! Sunman Classic Ford Supply - Qualiy used 1950-1970 Classic Ford, Lincoln and Mercury parts. Hundreds of car portraits collected in photo archives. Superior Mustang Parts - Vintage Mustang Parts Supernatural Performance - We offer Top Quaility Corvette, Camaro, Firebird, Impala SS and Mustang Automotive Performance Parts for the Do-It-Yourselfer that loves the feeling of completing something that they can be proud of. T. I. Specialty - Offering Corvette owners transistorized ignition amplifier and distributor restoration service, N.O.S. and restored components for 1964-1971 Corvettes, and online technical information. Talley Trans, Inc . - Is there a better, way to buy transmissions, engines, transfer cases, rear ends, & computers? Quality parts are a great bargain when you consider how expensive it is to install cheap goods twice! LOCATIONS NATIONWIDE. 1-888-413-1875 talleytrans@netzero.net Toms auto parts - We are an auto salvage yard which has auto parts both new and quality used for most makes. If we don't have the part in stock, we will find it for you. Toyhead Auto Restoration Services - New and Used Parts for Toyotas, Celica Specialist 20R, 22R, Performance Parts, Restoration products, Tools, Accessories and More! Totally Custom Truck - We carry a large inventory of performance parts for your Truck, or SUV. We carry Superchips, Edge Products, AFE Intakes and more! Trasko Oil Filter - Reusable High Performance Oil Filter.  Traps particles less than a micron, has built in 36 cooling fins that reduce circulating oil temperature by 20%, better oil flow, is reusable and filts as a spin-on. Truck Parts Discount - Truck Parts Discount - Ford, Chevy, Dodge, Toyota, Chevrolet, GMC, Nissan, GM, Mazda - Truck Body Parts Trucks & Parts Of Tampa - We sell Used, New, and Rebuilt Heavy Duty Truck Parts such as Engines and Transmissions and Buy/Sell/Rent Heavy Duty Trucks. Tweakit Performance - Wide range of Hi-Performance Parts for cars. Specialize in Haltech Engine Management, Fuel System, Intake. Also have huge range of Aluminium Radiators, Intercoolers, Fuel Injectors, Fuel Pumps, Fuel Pressure Regulators, Individual Throttle Bodies and much more. Based in Australia, ship anywhere. AU Northwest Classic Falcons - An online catalog specializing in 1960 to 1970 Ford Falcon and 1960 to 1967 Mercury Comet parts for the restoration hobbyist. Subspecialty in Ford Econoline trucks 1960 to 1967. Ultimatez.com - Nissan Z performance upgrades U Need a Part - We are an online used, new, aftermarket, auto, truck, & motorcycle parts locator service. We have about 250 auto recyclers from all around the North American Continent and 1 in Australia. Used auto parts or used motorcycle parts - Looking for a used auto or motorcyle part? Place a FREE request with Uautoparts.com to find that part you need. Used Auto Parts Salvage Yard - Search our huge online used parts inventory for any used car part from used engines to used transmissions. Used Lamborghini Parts - This is a Free listing website for people to sell their parts online in ones central location. This is a service of www.Lambostuff.com Used Truck Parts - Huge Savings On Discount Truck Parts and Used Truck Parts! Wizard Cooling Custom Radiator Wizard Cooling is a custom aluminum manufacturer. Producing high-end, show quailty, performance radiators for all year, make, and models of vehicle. W&amp;W GTO Heaven Inc . - GTO/LEMANS PARTS 1964/1973. 100's of GTO's in stock. 1000's of parts. 40 mi. N.E. of St. Louis. 618-372-7184. Since 1986. Click Here for Online Part Supply Stores, Discount Parts, Multiple Web Sites Listed by Make and other general parts suppliers See us in the Eastwood catalog Search for Videos  Contents Copyright 1996-2013 , Collector Car Restoration Videos Inc. /CCRV 