  Home Rates Calculators Mortgages Mortgage Home Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Refinance Home Refinance Rates Home Equity Calculators Bank Accounts CD Rates Checking &amp; Savings Money Market Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Credit Cards Credit Cards Home Best Credit Cards Calculators Insurance Insurance Home Current Rates Auto Auto Home Loan Rates Insurance Quotes Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Investments Investment Home Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Calculators Financial Planning Debt Management College Finance Taxes Calculators Personal Loans  advertisement Print Subscribe auto Certified cars offer value, reassurance By Terry Jackson â&euro;¢ Bankrate.com In these days of tighter credit in virtually all markets, consumers with less-than-perfect credit who shop new car dealerships are increasingly being steered to used vehicles rather than new vehicles. The reason is that someone with a relatively low credit score -- usually less than 700 -- may not qualify for the higher monthly payment of a new vehicle. A salesperson who doesn't want to lose the customer may recommend a "certified" used vehicle. Typically, such a vehicle is no more than 3 years old and has the added benefit of being inspected and brought up to a manufacturer's standard for a used car. It also typically comes with an extended warranty. It sounds good, but is a certified vehicle a good deal for the buyer? The first thing a shopper will notice is that the certified vehicle will carry a significant premium over a similar vehicle that isn't certified. For example, a 2005 Honda Accord LX sedan in outstanding condition with 20,000 miles would likely be listed by a dealer at about $16,000. If it's a certified vehicle, shoppers can expect to pay about $1,100 more for the same vehicle. In addition to making sure that the vehicle looks and runs flawlessly, the Honda Certified Used Car Program includes a warranty that covers the powertrain -- generally defined as parts relating to the engine and transmission -- for seven years or 100,000 miles from the time the vehicle was sold as new. Honda certified vehicles also come with a 12-month/12,000-mile general warranty on nearly all other areas of the vehicle from the time the vehicle is sold as used. That's pretty much in line with the certified programs offered by other manufacturers. Whether a certified used vehicle is a good deal depends on the individual vehicle. Shoppers should ask to see the service report on the specific vehicle they're considering, checking to make sure the vehicle identification number matches. In the case of this hypothetical 2005 Accord, the car was sold new with a three-year/36,000-mile warranty on the powertrain. So, a buyer of a certified Honda will get more than twice the original warranty period. But the comprehensive 12,000-mile/12-month warranty may not be that valuable because it might overlap with what's left of the factory warranty on this hypothetical 20,000-mile Honda. One option for the used car buyer is to save money by getting a noncertified vehicle and then buying a separate extended warranty. The downside of that scenario is that extended warranties can be expensive, because they are profit centers for dealers. Also, the warranty is only as good as the company behind it, and there have been many warranty companies that have defaulted on their policies. Here are this week's reader questions Certified cars offer value, reassurance Can I cancel my car deal? Do car payments help rebuild credit? Will returning my car have repercussions? In the final analysis, shoppers who are looking for a used car in a condition that comes as close as possible to the condition of a new vehicle likely will find the certified used vehicle to be the best deal. It offers value and a degree of peace of mind. advertisement Related Links: Auto loans primer: getting started Video: The cost of idling in traffic National auto loan rates for March 10, 2011 Related Articles: Auto loan calculators Save fuel with a diesel? Lender refuses car loan? Bankrate.com's corrections policy Posted: June 13, 2008 Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages thoughtful and constructive comments. We ask that you stay focused on the story topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, illegal contents and advertisement posts. Comments are not reviewed before they are posted. Bankrate reserves the right (but is not obligated) to edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use . Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. Connect with us  Compare Auto Rates  zip code:    product:  -- select -- 48 Mo New Car 60 Mo New Car 48 Mo Used Car 36 Mo Auto Refi   48 Mo New Car  average  2.43%   About our rates advertisement Most Read Kitchen remodeling ideas under $500 Phil Mickelson's home for sale Car-ownership costs by state Study: BMW drivers are the worst What 6 TV homes cost in real life Homes for every stage of life Dirt-cheap home for sale in Detroit 4 risky places to swipe debit card 6 surprises from health care reform No more Social Security at 62?  About this index Auto Averages  Product Rate +/- Last week 48 month used car loan 2.56% 2.57% 48 month new car loan 2.43% 2.45% 36 month used car loan 2.55% 2.57% 36 month new car loan 2.38% 2.40% View rates in your area: A little research could save you BIG on interest. Don't have time? Our rate-tracker tool saves you time and money. Delivered Thursdays. advertisement Partner Center advertisement By   Tara Baukus Mello  Cars  Â»   Honda supports car drive-ins   Honda's Project Drive-In is out to rescue drive-ins from closure as they are forced to switch to digital projection. View more Bankrate Blogs Â» advertisement About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Topics Newsletters Mobile Apps Understanding Bankrate's rate averages Â© 2013 Bankrate, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Disclosure: Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. 