 money section  Saving & Spending Budgeting Banking Credit Cards Loans Real Estate Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Business & Career Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Retirement Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Investing Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Car Insurance Accident Insurance Coupe vs. Sedan Insurance Coupe vs. Sedan Insurance By NicholasC , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Insurance rates vary from car to car. A major consideration when purchasing a vehicle is its potential insurance cost. Insurance rates vary based on the type of vehicle you own. So whether you buy a coupe or a sedan could impact how much you pay for insurance. Other People Are Reading The Least Expensive Sedans to Insure Vehicle Color vs. Insurance Rates Sedans Sedans are typically safer vehicles than coupes. They are larger and cannot reach the top speeds of sportier coupes. Because sedan drivers are generally less likely to sustain severe injuries and, therefore, will cost the insurance company less, sedan insurance rates tend to be lower than coupe insurance rates. Coupes Coupes, on the other hand, encourage higher speeds and are a popular target for car thieves. The more claims an insurance company receives for a given type of vehicle, the higher insurance rates tend to be for that vehicle. Typically, coupes have higher rates for coverage that protects the insured person from personal injury and theft losses. Other Factors It is helpful to obtain a quote from your insurance company prior to adding a car to your policy. Quotes are free and will inform you about how much you can expect to pay for insurance for different vehicles. Safety features such as airbags and daytime running lights can lower insurance rates.  Related Searches Photo Credit Red cars image by Catabu from Fotolia.com More Like This The Least Expensive Sedans to Insure Vehicle Color vs. Insurance Rates How to Pick a Sedan Over a Coupe Comments You May Also Like How to Pick a Sedan Over a Coupe G35 vs. G35s; Coupe vs. Sedan Insurance; Print this article; Instructions. 1. Understand the difference between a sedan and a coupe. Most... How Much Car Insurance Is Needed? More Like This. How the Car You Choose Affects Your Auto Insurance; How to Determine Your Auto Insurance Needs; ... How Much... 2003 Accord Coupe Vs. Sedan The 2003 Honda Accord was the first model year of the seventh generation of the car. The Accord was available in a... Motorcycle Vs. Car Insurance Insuring a sports car versus a traditional sedan could cost you an additional $50 per month or more, ... Full Car Insurance... The Best Car Insurance Getting the best car insurance depends largely on your driving habits and responsibility level. Car insurance is necessary if you own a... G35 vs. G35s The sedan ceased production in 2006 and the coupe remained until 2008, ... Insurance Basics; Auto Insurance; Life Insurance; Retirement. Get Started;... The Least Expensive Sedans to Insure Coupe vs. Sedan Insurance. A major consideration when purchasing a vehicle is its potential insurance cost. Insurance rates vary based on the... G6 Coupe Vs. Convertible G6 Coupe Vs. Convertible ... Auto Insurance; Life Insurance; Retirement. Get Started; Plan Ahead; ... The 2003 Chrysler Sebring was produced with... High Insurance Car Types Many variables factor into your cost to insure your vehicles. Some of the cost depends upon your driving and credit history, which... Differences in the Infinity G37 and G35 The Infiniti G35 is a sports car produced from 2002 until 2008. Infiniti replaced the G35 in 2009 with the G37 models,... Cheapest Cars to Insure for Teenage Drivers A sport coupe with front and side airbags will cost less to insure than one without such protection, ... Teen rates on... How to Buy Married Couple Car Insurance Here&#039;s how to buy car insurance for married couples. money section. Saving &amp; Spending. Budgeting; Banking; Credit; Cards ... you may end... Vehicle Color vs. Insurance Rates Coupe vs. Sedan Insurance. A major consideration when purchasing a vehicle is its potential insurance cost. ... Factors That Effect Car Insurance... What Types of Cars Are Cheapest to Insure? Expensive cars tend to have higher insurance associated with them because, ... are the Toyota Yaris and the Smart Fortwo Coupe. Related... What Is Considered a Sports Car by Insurance? What Is Considered a Sports Car by Insurance?. ... one-of-a-kind, high-performance vehicle that comes either as a luxury sedan, roadster, coupe ... Lease vs. Buy Car Insurance The insurance requirements of leasing and auto loan providers are very similar. Until you fully own your vehicle, your lender or lease... Insurance for a Two Door Car Compared to a Four Door Managing Your Money; More eHow. home; mom; style; ... insurance rates are lower. Driving a sedan is a sign of a sort... Infinity G35 Vs. G37 Infinity G35 Vs. G37. The Infiniti ... Both Infiniti&rsquo;s G35 and G37 models come in two-door coupe and four-door sedan. The G35... Car Insurance Factors Buying car insurance may seem daunting if you do not understand the factors the insurance companies use to provide a quote. Learning... How Much Property Damage Insurance Is Needed for a New Car? When deciding how much property damage insurance to purchase for a new car, make sure you truly understand the insurance terms. To... Related Ads  View Photos Splurge vs. Spend: Your Grocery List You May Like How to Pick a Sedan Over a Coupe 2003 Accord Coupe Vs. Sedan What Is a Coupe Car? Altima Coupe Vs. G37 Insurance Rates Married vs. Single Insurance Rates Married Vs. Single Insurance Rates Male Vs. Female Pro-Rating Vs. Short-Rating Insurance Premiums Featured 3 Money-Saving Tricks You&#039;ve Never Heard Of Check It Out Frugal Grocery Shopping Tips View Photos 10 Ways to Build Up Home Equity Check It Out Others Also Viewed 2003 Accord Coupe Vs. Sedan Why Don&#039;t Females Have to Pay As Much As Males for Car Insurance? What Violations Will Cause Auto Insurance Rates to Increase? Factors That Lower Rates for Used Car Insurance How to Buy Auto Insurance ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap &copy; 1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 