 Continue to the TheAtlantic.com Advertisement [if lt IE 8]> <div class="warning message"> <div class="container"> <strong>Your browser is no longer supported.</strong> For maximum compatibility we recommend upgrading to a <a href="http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/internet-explorer/download-ie">newer version of IE</a>, or another browser such as <a href="http://www.google.com/chrome/">Chrome</a> or <a href="http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/new/">Firefox</a>. </div> </div> <![endif]  Breathtaking Photos of Yosemite's Wildfire An Intimate Look at the March on Washington How to Make Perfect Coffee Sponsor Content Developing a Smarter Workforce Sponsor Content Finding a Job With Social Tools Politics Top Stories My March on Washington&mdash;and the Unfinished Business A Brief Argument Against War in Syria The Gerrymandered, Segregated House Every Stop and Frisk in NYC in 2012, in 2 Charts President Obama Isn't Bringing Race Into National Controversies The Staggering Power of NSA Systems Administrators Business Top Stories Who Are the Long-Term Unemployed? America's Imperial Disdain For the Emerging World Which Colleges Should We Blame for the Student-Debt Crisis? What Makes Employees Work Harder: Punishment or Pampering? No, This Stock Market Is Not the 'Next Great Bubble' The Geography of Jobs: Smart Policies Are Good, but Oil Is Better The Price Is Racist: When Minorities (and Women) Are Asked to Pay More Tech Top Stories A Database of 3D Fossils, Ready for You to Explore and Print Finally, a Service to Track Viral GIFs (Like the Weird Ones From Last Night's VMAs) What Is Medium? Do We Judge Music More on Sight Than on Sound? The U.S. Makes Way, Way More Requests for Users' Facebook Data Than Any Other Country The Condensed Classroom Sponsor Content Why Is It So Important to Develop a Smarter Workforce? Entertainment Top Stories NBC's EPL Deal Doesn't Mean America Loves Soccer Miley at the VMAs: A 'Blurred Lines' Critique? The Dark Knight Is Better When He's an Idiot 'All Immigrants Are Artists' The Formula That's Ruining Teen Movies 'Twerk Lightly' Pop Theory Smart, fun / fun, smart Ten Years Later: The O.C. 's Influential Glamorization of Teen Drinking 1book140 TheAtlantic.com's reading club 1book140's September Read: Vote for an Elmore Leonard Book Track of the Day Track of the Day: 'Byegone' Health Top Stories On Marrying a Survivor of Childhood Sexual Abuse What Can Be Done About Pedophilia? I, Pedophile Measles Outbreak Traced to Church Critical of Vaccines Study: Disgusting Sweaty Palms Sometimes Help With Business Deals Still Lots of Gay Jokes Study of the Day Study: Disgusting Sweaty Palms Sometimes Help With Business Deals Dr. Hamblin's Emporium of Medicinal Wonderments During Pregnancy, I've Stopped Having to Shave My Legs&mdash;Why? Sexes Top Stories The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Still Lots of Gay Jokes Encouraging Survivors to Speak Toward a New Understanding of Modesty Kick-Ass 2 Isn't Afraid to Tackle Any Subject, Except Rape There Are Many Gross Diamond Ads, but This Is the Grossest Marriage Policy Encourages One Spouse to Stay Home and the Other to Work National Top Stories Sequestration Hits Military Senior Ranks Encouraging College Sexual Assault Victims to Speak Up 'We Were Bored ... So We Decided to Kill Somebody' Describing My Experiences in Afghanistan&mdash;in 6 Words The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Why D.C. Tourism Is Defying Sequestration Predictions Global Top Stories Before You Conclude That 'Precision' Bombing Makes Sense With Syria ... In South Africa, a Deadly New Drug Is Made With HIV Medications A Surprisingly Candid Chat Between Nixon and Brezhnev Shorter Version of Spinney on Syria: Don't Do It How Saudi Arabia and Qatar are the Tortoise and the Hare of the Middle East Through The Parisian Looking Glass The Democracy Report Social and political change around the world The Bo Xilai Trial and China's 'Rule of Law': Same Old, Same Old China Top Stories Bo Xilai's Raunchy, Entertaining Trial Was Still Fundamentally Unjust China's Coal Supply Will Soon Weigh 40 Percent More Than Earth's Population Today's Alarming Japan-China Charts Bo Xilai Reveals China's Unaccountable Corruption Watchdog The Strangest Passages From Fodor's 1984 Guidebook to China Hazy Skies in Hong Kong? Just Pose With a Fake Skyline Video Top Stories Are the Rich Getting Too Much of the Economic Pie? What's Behind the Natural-Gas Boom? Photojournalist Kate Brooks Reveals the Human Cost of War American Futures: Take Off With James and Deborah Fallows A Day in the Life of a New York City Cat Wisdom From Beyond the 23rd Century Magazine In This Month's Issue The Killing Machines Murder by Craigslist Did an 8-Year-Old Spy for America? Joe Strummer and Punk Self-Reinvention The Global Dominance of ESPN Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Digital Editions  Like The Atlantic   Share This Page   Follow The Atlantic  Follow @TheAtlantic Share This Page  Tweet  Follow The Atlantic On LinkedIn Share This Page  &#9654; Special Reports In Focus Events E-books Newsletters 'All Immigrants Are Artists' Joe Fassler  Illustrating 'Moby-Dick,' and 4 Other Art Projects Inspired by Classic Books Maria Popova Mar 15 2012, 2:17 PM ET  Tweet More Email Print Beloved works of literature, re-imagined for the 21st century Tin House Art inspires art, often crossing boundary lines in magnificent cross-disciplinary manifestations. As a lover of remix culture and a hopeless bookworm , I revel in the cross-pollination of visual art and literature. Here are five wonderful art and design projects, inspired by literary classics. 1. Wake in Progress In February of 2010, Paris-based designer and illustrator Stephen Crowe set out on an ambitious project -- to not only read James Joyce's Finnegans Wake , considered one of the most difficult works of fiction in the English language, but to also illustrate it. The result is Wake in Progress -- a creative feat that's part Saul Bass , part Edward Gorey , part Lynd Ward , and yet entirely its own and entirely terrific. First Line Page 22 Page 25 Page 75 Page 76 Page 79: Kate Strong, a widow "Nothing that appears in Finnegans Wake is ever just one thing. How exactly do you draw a talking fox which is also a mouse, one of two arguing brothers, a pope, and modernist author Wyndham Lewis?" ~ Stephen Crowe 2. Every Page of Moby-Dick Since 2009, former high school English teacher and self-taught artist Matt Kish has been drawing every page of the 552-page Signet Classics paperback edition of Herman Melville's iconic Moby-Dick , methodically producing one gorgeous, obsessive drawing per day for 552 days using pages from discarded books and a variety of drawing tools, from ballpoint pen to crayon to ink and watercolor. Last year, the project became Moby-Dick in Pictures: One Drawing for Every Page -- one of the 11 best art and design books of 2011 , gathering Kish's magnificent lo-fi drawings in a 600-page visual masterpiece of bold, breathtaking full-page illustrations that captivate eye, heart, and mind, inviting you to rediscover the Melville classic in entirely new ways. "I've read the book eight or nine times [...] Each and every reading has revealed more and more to me and hinted tantalizingly at even greater truths and revelations that I have yet to reach. Friends often question my obsession with the novel, especially since I am not a scholar or even an educator any longer, and the best explanation I have been able to come up with is that, to me, Moby-Dick is a book about everything. God. Love. Hate. Identity. Race. Sex. Humor. Obsession. History. Work. Capitalism [...] I see every aspect of life reflected in the bizarre mosaic of this book." ~ Matt Kish '...Jonah feels the heralding presentiment of that stifling hour, when the whale shall hold him in the smallest of his bowel's wards.' Ballpoint pen on paper, September 17, 2009 'But look! here come more crowds, pacing straight for the water, and seemingly bound for a dive.' Colored pencil and ink on found paper, August 6, 2009 'Hearing the tremendous rush of the sea-crashing boat, the whale wheeled round to present his blank forehead at bay; but in that evolution, catching sight of the nearing black hull of the ship; seemingly seeing in it the source of all his persecutions; bethinking it - it may be - a larger and nobler foe; of a sudden, he bore down upon its advancing prow, smiting his jaws amid fiery showers of foam' Ink on watercolor paper, January 22, 2011 '...and when the ship was gliding by, like a flash he darted out; gained her side; with one backward dash of his foot capsized and sank his canoe; climbed up the chains...' Acrylic paint, colored pencil, ink and marker on found paper, September 30, 2009 '...hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple-dumpling...' Crayon, ink and marker on found paper, November 24, 2009 'Moby Dick bodily burst into view! For not by any calm and indolent spoutings; not by the peaceable gush of that mystic fountain in his head, did the White Whale now reveal his vicinity; but by the far more wondrous phenomenon of breaching. Rising with his utmost velocity from the furthest depths, the Sperm Whale thus booms his entire bulk into the pure element of air, and piling up a mountain of dazzling foam, shows his place to the distance of seven miles and more. In those moments, the torn, enraged waves he shakes off, seem his mane; in some cases, this breaching is his act of defiance.' Ink on watercolor paper, January 11, 2011 'Thou Bildad!' roared Peleg, starting up and clattering about the cabin. 'Blast ye, Captain Bildad, if I had followed thy advice in these matters, I would afore now had a conscience to lug about that would be heavy enough to founder the largest ship that ever sailed round Cape Horn.'' Ballpoint pen and ink on found paper, November 16, 2009 3. Word Bible Designs In his Word project, designer Jim LePage set out to create original designs for every book of the Bible, in an exercise in self-discipline that allowed him to marry his love of design with his desire to read the Bible more. Though the impetus for the project sets off my own religious alarms , the Bible, too, is literature, and it's hard to dismiss the refreshing approach of this literary art project. Besides, perhaps this is the kind of secular silver lining Alain de Botton promised in Religion for Atheists . Word: 3 John Word: Jude Word: 2 John Word: 2 Timothy Word: 2 Thessalonians Word: Nahum 4. Hark! A Vagrant From New Yorker cartoonist Kate Beaton comes Hark! A Vagrant -- a witty and wonderful collection of comics about historical and literary figures and events, based on her popular web comic of the same name. Beaton, whose background is in history and anthropology, has a remarkable penchant for conveying the momentous through the inane, aided by a truly special gift for simple, subtle, incredibly expressive caricature. From dude spotting with the Brontë Sisters to Jane Austen dodging groupies, the six-panel vignettes will make you laugh out loud and slip you a dose of education while you aren't paying attention. "I think comics about topics like history or literature can be amazing educational tools, even at their silliest. So if you learn or look up a thing or two after reading these comics, and you've enjoyed them, then I will be more than pleased! If you're just in it for the silly stuff, then there is plenty of that to go around, too." ~ Kate Beaton Beaton is also a masterful writer, her dialogue and captions adding depth to what's already an absolute delight. 5. Beholding Holden From writer Mike Norris and artist David Richardson comes Beholding Holden , an enchanted visual exploration of J.D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye , a follow-up to their earlier collaboration on depicting the fictional Glass family . Holden Caulfield Old Mr. Spencer Ackley Stradlater, Holden's roommate at Pencey Jane Gallagher Sunny, the prostitute Maurice, an elevator operator moonlighting as pimp, offers Holden in Manhattan for 'five bucks a throw, fifteen bucks till noon.' Mr. Antolini Norris and Richardson also collaborated on a fantastic series of illustrations based on Marcel Proust's In Search of Lost Time , considered the third greatest book of the 20th century . This post appears courtesy of Brain Pickings , an Atlantic partner site . Jump to comments  Tweet Email Print Presented by Maria Popova is the editor of Brain Pickings . She writes for Wired UK and GOOD , and is an MIT Futures of Entertainment Fellow.  All Posts Email Follow @brainpicker  Try 2 Free Issues! Go Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Digital Edition Get Today's Top Stories in Your Inbox (preview) Email Address 'All Immigrants Are Artists' Joe Fassler 2:00 PM ET The Formula That's Ruining Teen Movies Gina Dalfonzo 11:39 AM ET Describing My Experiences in Afghanistan&mdash;in 6 Words Thomas Gibbons-Neff 7:00 AM ET Who Are the Long-Term Unemployed? Matthew O'Brien Aug 23, 2013  Video More Video  Are Bottomless Drinks Good Business? Tweet Marriage in the Shadow of Childhood Abuse My March on Washington Why Is Raising a Kid in the U.S. So Expensive? Bring Back Doofus Batman &lsaquo; &rsaquo;  Elsewhere on the web Sponsored Links  Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you’re not already logged in you will be asked to log in or register.  Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus [if IE]><style type="text/css">/*Annoyingly, IE puts 4 extra pixels above the iframe,so we add 4px to the element's top style to compensate*/#thanksForSharing .hide {top: 5px !important;}</style><![endif] Close Video How Do We Use Energy at Home? A look at how consumer habits have changed over the years Video How Much Energy Does the U.S. Use? An animated guide to the different energy sources that power our nation Video Why Is Bottled Water So Expensive? Business editor Derek Thompson looks at how such a simple commodity became as pricey as soda. Video Who's to Blame for Climate Change? A quick, animated look at at where emissions come from on our planet Video Are Bottomless Drinks Good Business? A story of loss leaders, irrational consumers, and infinite mimosas Video 5 Things That Could Hurt ESPN Business editor Derek Thompson outlines potential threats on the horizon. Video Are Machines Really Taking Our Jobs? A brief history of technological progress and why it&#39;s not necessarily a bad thing Video What's in Crude Oil&mdash;And How Do We Use It? An animated guide to how crude oil turns into useful fuel for cars, jets, and more Video Are the Rich Getting Too Much of the Economic Pie? Inequality explained in pie charts (made of actual pie) Video When Will Solar Get Cheap Enough for Everyone to Use? An animated look at how far solar has come since it emerged in the 1950s Video American Futures: Take Off With James and Deborah Fallows Two longtime Atlantic writers hit the runway in their Cirrus plane. Video What's Behind the Natural-Gas Boom? An animated look at why production has skyrocketed in recent years Video How the U.S. Economy Is Like a Casino A quick explainer on monetary policy Writers Up Robinson Meyer Do We Judge Music More on Sight Than on Sound? 1:59 PM ET James Fallows Shorter Version of Spinney on Syria: Don't Do It 1:25 PM ET Rebecca J. Rosen The U.S. Makes Way, Way More Requests for Users' Facebook Data Than Any Other Country 1:24 PM ET Derek Thompson What Makes Employees Work Harder: Punishment or Pampering? 1:04 PM ET Matthew O'Brien No, This Stock Market Is Not the 'Next Great Bubble' 12:50 PM ET Julie Beck Measles Outbreak Traced to Church Critical of Vaccines 12:26 PM ET James Hamblin 'Twerk Lightly' 11:07 AM ET Garance Franke-Ruta Every Stop and Frisk in NYC in 2012, in 2 Charts 10:30 AM ET Conor Friedersdorf President Obama Isn't Bringing Race Into National Controversies 9:30 AM ET Matt Schiavenza Bo Xilai's Raunchy, Entertaining Trial Was Still Fundamentally Unjust 7:00 AM ET Ta-Nehisi Coates Through The Parisian Looking Glass Aug 26, 2013 Alexis C. Madrigal The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Aug 26, 2013 Megan Garber 10 Things You Probably Did Not Know About Eraser Technology Aug 26, 2013 Andrew Cohen U.S. v. Texas and the Strident Language of the Voting Rights Fight Aug 26, 2013 Spencer Kornhaber The Secretly Conservative MTV VMAs Aug 26, 2013 Ashley Fetters The News vs. The Newsroom : Can One Report Bring a Network 'to Its Knees'? Aug 26, 2013 Jordan Weissmann Which Colleges Should We Blame for the Student-Debt Crisis? Aug 23, 2013 Kasia Cieplak-Mayr von Baldegg What Is Money? Aug 23, 2013 Christopher Orr The World's End : An Apocalyptic Delight Aug 23, 2013 Molly Ball Why Do Liberals Hate Cory Booker? Aug 23, 2013 Olga Khazan Why the British Government Forced The Guardian to Destroy Its Hard Drives Aug 21, 2013 David A. Graham If You're an Old Republican, You Probably Want to Go Back to the '50s Aug 20, 2013 Steve Clemons 'We Were Bored ... So We Decided to Kill Somebody' Aug 20, 2013 Jennie Rothenberg Gritz How Richard Nixon Fooled Friends and Influenced People Aug 8, 2013 Down More in Entertainment  NBC's EPL Deal Doesn't Mean America Loves Soccer Kyle Thetford  Miley at the VMAs: A 'Blurred Lines' Critique? Nolan Feeney  The Dark Knight Is Better When He's an Idiot Noah Berlatsky In Focus Yosemite Wildfire Most Popular 1 On Marrying a Survivor of Childhood Sexual Abuse 2 Yosemite Wildfire 3 The Outsiders: How Can Millennials Change Washington If They Hate It? 4 What’s Really Behind the Ever-Rising Cost of Raising a Child in America 5 Was Miley Cyrus's VMA Performance a Failed 'Blurred Lines' Criticism? 6 The Formula That's Ruining Teen Movies 7 What Makes Employees Work Harder: Punishment or Pampering? 8 Breaking Bad : Was Jesse's Big Epiphany Believable? 9 Bring Back Doofus Batman 10 How to Make Perfect Coffee Just In 'All Immigrants Are Artists' Joe Fassler Do We Judge Music More on Sight Than on Sound? Robinson Meyer Shorter Version of Spinney on Syria: Don't Do It James Fallows ATLANTIC MEDIA Atlantic Wire The Size of the Government Is in the Eye of the Beholder Pearls of Wisdom from Red Burns, the 'Godmother of Silicon Alley' Cory Booker Likes to Humblebrag More from Atlantic Wire Atlantic Cities No, Mexican Drug Cartels Are Not Actually Operating in 1,286 U.S. Cities Slipping Optical Illusions into Post-Earthquake Christchurch A Playground Built to Keep Sex Offenders at Bay More from Atlantic Cities Quartz China’s plan to limit coal pollution will benefit the rich but leave the rest of the country gasping Unlimited vacation time is better in theory than in practice The most recent evidence that Google can’t shake Europe thinking it’s a monopoly More from Quartz National Journal How Syria, a Hurricane, or Ben Bernanke Could Move the Debt Ceiling Deadline Why D.C. Is a Perfect Olympic City, According to Its Failed 2012 Pitch 'The Running of the Interns' and Other Awful D.C. Olympic Suggestions From Twitter More from National Journal Longreads Familiar Faces|Science News Reading List: What Happens to Whistleblowers After They Speak Out|Longreads 'Like Being in Prison with a Salary': The Secret World of the Shipping Industry|Metropolitan Books More from Longreads Follow The Atlantic App store Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus Tumblr RSS E-Newsletters Today's Top Stories This Week This Month New at In Focus Atlantic Cities 5 Best Columns Information FAQ Subscribe Help Masthead Store Merchandise Jobs Privacy Site Map Terms and Conditions Advertise Advertising Guidelines Press Contact Us Special Reports Atlantic Scene Ebook Events Atlantic Media Subscribe  Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price   STATE AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY YT Next &#x25BA;  Copyright &copy; 2013 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.  CDN powered by Edgecast Networks. Insights powered by Parsely .  Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).   