Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Hotels & Resorts Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Hotels & Resorts Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Home Apartments Extensive Collection of Art and Books Adorning the F5 Apartment in Stuttgart Extensive Collection of Art and Books Adorning the F5 Apartment in Stuttgart Tweet Share on Facebook Tweet Comment If you ever wondered how art and literature can contribute to the design of a modern apartment, here is a live example. Apartment F5 was especially envisioned by Fleitz Group Identity Architects to accommodate the extensive art collection and hundreds of books belonging to an older couple living in Stuttgart, Germany. The result is elegant and visually intriguing- a youthful space, enhanced by color and creativity. Share on Facebook Tweet Comment The main hallway is adorned with floor-to-ceiling bookcases divided by flush-mounted doors, which give away the feel of walking through a museum gallery or genuine library. According to the architects&#8217; description, &#8220; sliding doors crafted from dark wood conceal the entrances to the living and dining area. In the other rooms the display of art works alternates between strictly defined areas, such as on the sliding walls in the study or above the seating corner in the living area, and a playfully free formation&#8221;. Shades of beige and green ensure a sober tone, an elegant base for all the &#8220;knowledge&#8221; this home possesses. Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment Share on Facebook Tweet Comment &hearts; If you enjoyed this article, please share it on: Tweet Pin It Get Updates (it's free) Enter your email to get FREE blog updates Posted in Apartments By Lavinia Ready for more amazing design ideas? Check below! Distinguished Color Palette Adorning the Xalcharo Chair Collection Striking Penthouse Adorning the 77th Floor of the Trump World Tower Hand Cut Mosaic Tiles Adorning Original Furniture Collection Interesting Storage Space for Books and Films: The Swollen Wall Apartment Pop-up Books Exhibition for Both Children and Grown-Ups in in Brunswick, USA [Video] A Bookcase Designed to Grow with your Books Collection Comments: Add a Comment with Facebook Add a Comment Cancel reply 0 responses to &ldquo;Extensive Collection of Art and Books Adorning the F5 Apartment in Stuttgart&rdquo; - Be the first to comment ! Get Updates (it's free) Enter your email to get FREE blog updates Submit your design &#9733; Featured 10 Floor Plan Mistakes And How To Avoid Them In Your Home The 11 Fastest Growing Trends in Hotel Interior Design 10 Quick Tips to Get a Wow Factor when Decorating with All-White Color 10 Hot Trends in Retro Furniture that You&#8217;ll Love in your Home 10 Awesome Ways to Take Advantage of Smart Home Technology How to Work With an Architect When Designing your Home What Makes a Building Green ? 10 Ways to Organize your Back to School Home Day 36298 Views 30 Beautiful &#038; Modern Swedish &hellip; 7241 Views A Playful Compact Apartment In Tel &hellip; 4584 Views Modern House Nearby Lake Michigan W&hellip; 4429 Views How to Create a Great Vacation Rent&hellip; 3920 Views Timeless Architecture in Washington&hellip; 3906 Views 30 Small and Functional Bathroom De&hellip; 3868 Views 40 Small Bedrooms Ideas To Make You&hellip; 3516 Views 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi&hellip; Week 192190 Views The 11 Fastest Growing Trends in Ho&hellip; 137705 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide&hellip; 43565 Views 30 Beautiful &#038; Modern Swedish &hellip; 26138 Views 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi&hellip; 21540 Views 40 Small Bedrooms Ideas To Make You&hellip; 21403 Views 30 Small and Functional Bathroom De&hellip; 19584 Views 30 Best Small Apartment Designs Ide&hellip; 18188 Views 10 Floor Plan Mistakes And How To A&hellip; Latest articles Perfect Ski Retreat in Big Sky... Timeless Architecture in Washi... How to Create a Great Vacation... A Playful Compact Apartment In... Modern House Nearby Lake Michi... The Perfect Balanced Home: Sou... What You Need to Know Before B... Green House Overlooking the Ch... let's connect! Keep up with the news here ​ About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let's connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering (and sharing) the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get more than 3,8 million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . &copy; 2007 - 2013 - All Rights Reserved : Freshome - Interior Design & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us