 Search / Keywords  Insurance Claims Your Policy Make a Payment Log In Home Claims Repair Estimates 1-800-Progressive Repair Estimates Walking into a body shop without a handle on how to read a repair estimate can be pretty daunting. We want you to know exactly what's involved in the repair process, so we've compiled a few common elements of repair estimates to build your knowledge - before you step into a body shop. How Estimates Are Determined An estimate is just that - an estimate of the cost involved to safely repair your vehicle to pre-accident condition. Repair estimates vary depending on several factors including labor rates, parts prices and the amount of time necessary to perform certain repairs, but the main elements are the initial estimate, the supplemental estimate and an agreed price. The Initial Estimate Your claims representative will prepare an initial repair estimate so the repairs can begin. Your claims rep also can help you understand your choices to repair your vehicle. You have a choice in how you want your vehicle repaired: You can choose our concierge level of claims service , a repair shop in our network or your own repair shop. The Supplemental Estimate If the body shop you choose discovers additional damage when repairing your vehicle, your claims representative will "reinspect" the vehicle. Reinspection is not unusual - a vehicle involved in a crash may have damaged parts that are not visible when the initial estimate is written but become visible once the repairs begin. At this point, the claims representative and the body shop representative review the damage to your vehicle together and make appropriate revisions to include all damaged parts that are found. Agreed Price Our claims representatives write estimates based on parts and labor costs associated with the repair. If the body shop's estimate is higher or lower than ours, your claims representative will discuss this difference with the shop, and they will agree on a price for repairs. Your claims representative will keep you informed of the repairs every step of the way. Network shops&#8212;a trusted alternative If the closest Service Center to you isn't quite close enough, you can always choose a shop in our preapproved network, and we'll manage the repairs for you. With this option, you'll get many of the same benefits as you would with a Service Center, including priority service and quick, guaranteed repairs. Learn more about our network shops . (772KB) Please Note : Some services described above are only available to customers who purchased coverages such as Comprehensive, Collision, Rental Reimbursement, Medical Payments, etc., before their loss. Coverage is subject to the terms of your policy. Please refer to your policy to verify which coverages you have. Report or Track a Claim Log In Not a Customer? Track your claim Share:  Claims Immediate Response Vehicles How-to Report A Claim Total Loss Limited Lifetime Guarantee Online Claims Claims Login Service Centers Service Center Virtual Tour Locations Claims Offices Catastrophe Claims Windshield & Glass Repair vs. Replaces Repair Estimates Roadside Assistance Super Service Stories Provider Networks Apply to Join Network Shops #1 Auto Insurance Website for 2012 - Keynote 速 Systems INSURANCE CHOICES Auto Insurance Local Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Boat Insurance RV Insurance Commercial Auto Insurance Truck Insurance Homeowners Insurance Renters Insurance Business Insurance Life Insurance Health Insurance Umbrella Insurance RESOURCES Vehicle Resources Insurance Basics Progressive Blog Mobile Apps and Services PerkShare &reg; ABOUT PROGRESSIVE Progressive Overview Jobs Investors Newsroom Sponsorships TV Commercials Progressive Web Sites FEATURED CONTENT Name Your Price &reg; Snapshot &reg; Pet Injury Coverage Comparison Rates Car Insurance Australia Seguros para autos Dress Like Flo Rocket Cat Adventures Follow us Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Google Plus Icon YouTube Icon RSS Icon Home Log In Make a Payment Quote with a Local Agent Contact Us Website Accessibility Site Map Help Privacy & Security Terms of Use We're Here 24/7. Call 1-800-Progressive . Copyright 1995 - 2013. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company. All Rights Reserved. We offer insurance by phone, online and through independent agents. Prices vary based on how you buy. Quotes for policies sold through agents and brokers are available, and can also be retrieved, through ProgressiveAgent.com or via the Quote with a Local Agent button. Mobile quotes are for policies purchased directly from Progressive. Not available in all states and situations.  