
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Local 
 
 Oklahoma City 
 Search   Oklahoma City Neighborhoods Things to Do Info & Facts 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts and Entertainment in Oklahoma City From movies and stage to music and comedy, here are the arts and entertainment events to be found all around the Oklahoma City metro area. Live Music (18) Movies (14) Performers (8) Theatre (21) Oklahoma Film Critics Circle The Oklahoma Film Critics Circle is comprised of reviewers throughout the state - Here is information on the organization's history, members and the annual movie awards. "O.K.C." - Information on the Film About the Oklahoma City Bombing Academy Award-winning Director Barry Levinson helms "O.K.C.," a movie chronicling the Oklahoma City bombing - Get information on the film "O.K.C." including story, cast, director, filming locations, release date and more. Oklahoma City Festival of the Arts An event with nearly 50 years of history, the Oklahoma City Festival of the Arts lasts six days in downtown OKC at Festival Plaza and the Myriad Botanical Gardens.  Visual artists from all over the nation combine with performance and culinary art as well as family activities to present an amazing Oklahoma event. The Plaza District in Oklahoma City Oklahoma City's Plaza District is yet another rejuvenated area of the metro - With the historic Plaza Theatre, originally opened in 1935, as well as a number of art galleries, studios, retail shops, restaurants and more, the Plaza District has become one of Oklahoma City's top commercial and cultural destinations. Arts Festival Oklahoma Get information on the annual Arts Festival Oklahoma event at Oklahoma City Community College, a three day affair with music, handmade crafts, food and more. The Paseo Arts District in Oklahoma City The Paseo Arts District around Walker and NW 28th north of Midtown is a historic area as well as a unique cultural destination in Oklahoma City.  Originally built in 1929 as a shopping district, it is today a thriving artist community home to 17 gallery/working studios, numerous restaurants and bars and a monthly "First Friday" gallery walk with wine tasting, live music and artistic demonstrations. TNT's Saving Grace - TV Series with Holly Hunter Set in OKC Starring Academy Award-winner Holly Hunter, cable station TNT's crime drama Saving Grace takes place in Oklahoma City.  Hunter plays OKC detective Grace Hanadarko whose destructive ways will be addressed by her tobacco-chewing guardian angel Earl.  Here's a full profile of the series and your chance to sound off on its quality. Art Moves - Daily Lunchtime Arts Program Downtown For one hour each day of the week, enjoy the Art Moves series downtown from the Arts Council of Oklahoma City and Devon Energy. Here is information on Art Moves, including location, times, schedule of performers and more. Norman's May Fair Arts Festival Norman's May Fair Arts Festival is an event with over 30 years of history.  Held annually at Andrews Park in Norman, just north of the University of Oklahoma campus, the festival features top area performers, fine art, crafts, great food and more. OKCityCard from Allied Arts Offers Entertainment Savings and Supports Metro Arts Allied Arts of Oklahoma City is now offering the 2007 OKCityCard, an entertainment discount card that benefits the arts throughout the OKC metro area.  With over 160 partners, the OKCityCard can save purchasers hundreds of dollars at sporting events, museums, restaurants, retail establishments and much more. Downtown Edmond Arts Festival Along with other festivals and events, Edmond features an annual Downtown Arts Festival. Get all the details on this year's event OKC Book Review - Dr. Hanna Saadah's  The Mighty Weight of Love Oklahoma City author and poet Dr. Hanna Saadah is giving 20% of all revenue from sales of his new novel  The Mighty Weight of Love  to the charities by The Oklahoma City Community Foundation.  This fantastic and poetic romance centers around the emotions of the Oklahoma City Bombing. Greyson Michael Chance Profile Edmond, Oklahoma middle-schooler Greyson Michael Chance became an overnight sensation after his talent show performance of Lady Gaga's "Paparazzi" became a YouTube hit and he was invited to appear on the Ellen DeGeneres show - Here is a full profile of Greyson Michael Chance with biography, pictures, IM Buddy Icons, videos and details on his new... The Oklahoma Visual Arts Coalition The Oklahoma Visual Arts Coalition (OVAC) website provides information on upcoming art events as well as a Virtual Gallery of over 250 Oklahoma artists' work. perpetual motion DANCE Stay informed about the local projects and performances done by
modern and aerial dance company, Perpetual Motion. 
 
 
 
 Free Oklahoma City Newsletter! Sign Up 
 Discuss  in my forum 
 
 
   
 Explore Oklahoma City 
 
 Must Reads 
 Where in the Metro Quiz Ten Top OKC Restaurants Unemployment Benefits Oklahoma State Fair August Event Calendar 
 
 Most Popular 
 The Oklahoma State Fair - 2013 Top 10 Oklahoma City Restaurants Top 10 Places to Take Your Kids in the Oklahoma... Applying for Oklahoma Unemployment Benefits Oklahoma City Outlet Mall 
 
 
 
 Free Oklahoma City Newsletter! Sign Up 
 By Category 
 Arts and Entertainment Attractions and Events Sports and Recreation Food and Drink Shopping and Services Employment and Jobs Apartments and Real Estate Community and Organizations History and Trivia Education and Learning Travel & Transportation News and Media Image and Photo Galleries Government and Politics 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oklahoma City About.com Local Oklahoma City Arts and Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
