 Using a mobile device? Go to m.huffingtonpost.com for huffpost mobile. TV Sherlock iPhone app iPad app Android phone app Android tablet app More Log in Create Account Notifications Profile Settings  Logout   Edition: UK CA Canada FR France IT Italia JP &#26085;&#26412; (Japan) MG Maghreb ES Espa&ntilde;a   US United States UK United Kingdom  FRONT PAGE Politics British Military Drawing Up 'Contingency Plans' For Strike On Syria, Says No.10 470 Blair Tells Cameron and Obama To Intervene In Syria 432 Hague Hints At Military Action Against Syria 821 To Intervene in Syria or Not? What Kind of Future Do We Want? 43 Extent Of Modern-Day Slavery 'Scarcely Believable' 264 Go to Politics More in Politics Boris Johnson Conservatives Labour Lib Dems Ukip Westminster Mehdi's Morning Memo World Kerry: Chemical Weapons Used In Syria 21k Syria Accuses John Kerry Of Lying 1.5k Report: U.S. Gave Saddam Intel, Ignored Chemical Attacks In 1980s 2k More Than 40 Suspected Auschwitz Guards Still Alive In Germany 426 Assad: Syrian Troops Did Not Use Chemical Weapons 1.7k Go to World More in World Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis Drug War Protecting Journalists Iranathon World Videos Sport England Cricketers 'Relieved Themselves' On Oval Wicket 39 Mourinho Risks Upsetting Roman, Rooney Revels & Mata Of Time For Juan? 'Unhappy, Disappointed, Frustrated And Furious' On The Move? Lamela To Become Tottenham's Record Signing Go to Sport More in Sport Ashes Transfer Talk Premier League Football Racism In Football England Football Team England Cricket Team Man Utd You might also like US Sports Entertainment Cheryl Cole Strikes Bum Note, But Defends Tattoo From Critics 907 Carol Lets Loose In The CBB House 86 Married In Vegas! 21 CBB: Big Ron Formally Warned After Asking Headscarfed Danielle If She's Carrying Bomb 337 PICTURES: Why Is Miley So Tongue-Tied? Go to Entertainment More in Entertainment Celebrity Big Brother Doctor Who X Factor Helen Flanagan Celebrity Pictures How Showbiz Are You? Baggers Bites TV Reviews Film Music Celebrity Comedy WATCH: Little Girl Bonds With Gorilla WATCH: The VMAs In GIFs 13 Proof That Women Are Most Definitely Funny WATCH: Beauty Pageant Question Fail WATCH: Caught Red-Pawed! Go to Comedy More in Comedy Edinburgh Festival Weird News Comedy Gossip Funny Videos Twitter Funnies Viral Videos Funny Animals Pics & Giggles TopicaLOL Culture Lifestyle REMINDER: Models Are Just People Too Five Superfoods That Will Change Your Life 'Depression? You Don't Have It' 20 Women You Should Follow On Twitter Go to Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Dating & Relationships Women Wellbeing Diet & Fitness Health Food Travel Third Metric GPS For The Soul Inspiration Tech WATCH: Video Drone Crashes At 'Bull Run' Event In United States 9 Reasons To Look Again At The PS4 LOOK: Yosemite Rim Fire Photographed From Space Massive Volcanic Eruption Spotted On Jupiter's Moon Io This Satellite Could Provide Third Of Humanity's Power 12 Go to Tech More in Tech Gadget Guides PS4 Xbox One Apple Google Facebook Space Connectivity You might also like TechCrunch Engadget Students University Left Empty After Every Single School Leaver In The Country Fails Entrance Exam 47 Teenager Becomes First Openly Gay Head Boy Of A Public School 281 Go to Students More in Students A-Level Results Young Talent Student News Student Jobs Student Living International Students Tuition Fees GCSEs Freshers' Week BLOGS Kurt Seywald : Beeny Baby on Set Mark Hodge : Could 'The Wolf Of Wall Street's' Success Slow the Death of Grown-Up Cinema? Thomas Woodham Smith : Life in the Arts Lane - Week 38 - Norfolk Ella Pawlik : More Than Honey David Spencer : Lydia Baylis Interview View all featured blog posts  Entertainment Celebrity Big Brother X Factor Doctor Who Helen Flanagan Celebrity Pictures How Showbiz Are You? Baggers Bites TV Reviews Film Music Subscribe  Could 'The Wolf Of Wall Street's' Success Slow the Death of Grown-Up Cinema? Beeny Baby on Set The Biggest And Best Showbiz Spats WATCH: Celebrity Look Alikes In Criminal Mix-Up PICS: Cheryl's History Of Terrible Tats Could 'The Wolf Of Wall Street's' Success Slow the Death of... Beeny Baby on Set The Biggest And Best Showbiz Spats WATCH: Celebrity Look Alikes In Criminal Mix-Up PICS: Cheryl's History Of Terrible Tats If you have something to say... Say it on the Huffington Post If you have something to say... Say it on the Huffington Post featured blog posts Dream Your Way to Recovery Carrie Armstrong TV Presenter, Blogger, Geordie Don't let anyone laugh at your dreams. Or let them tell you they can't become a reality. Sick or well. People used to laugh at me all the time, which is fine, some of my dreams seemed fairly ridiculous. Comments Private Parts: A Male Take on the Jennifer Aniston Baby Banter Simon Thompson Film Journalist, Broadcaster and Producer As much as I'm sure we'd all like to know, ultimately, it's none of our business. When we get down the nitty-gritty, and if we're really honest with ourselves, we're just being nosey... even if we're being well-meaning. Jennifer's a lovely woman, I'm sure she'd make a great mum but... it's also, ultimately, still none of our damn business. Comments Hair Today, Gone Tomorrow: Why Beyonce Can't Live Without Her Lucky Weave Sarah Tetteh Showbiz and entertainment contributor and editor, plus new mum! She's made millions by whipping her hair back and fourth more times than Will Smith's daughter. Now the world's watching to see what Beyonce's barnet will do next. While her hubby Jay-Z was in the States watching Blue Ivy, it was left to Beyonce to come over and single-handedly rule Britannia with her killer set at the V Festival. Comments I Am an Actress - I Also Happen to Have Down's Syndrome Sarah Gordy British actress who has Down's Syndrome supporting Mencap’s Learning Disability Week (19-25 August) My name is Sarah Gordy and I am an actress. I also happen to have Down's syndrome.I was in the show called Upstairs Downstairs , which I loved. It was a drama series on BBC One and it was on from 2010 to 2012. After the series I got to appear on TV chat shows and talk to newspapers in the UK. Comments 'The Look of Love': My Take on the Paul Raymond Biopic Immodesty Blaize International burlesque star and novelist, crowned reigning queen of burlesque in Las Vegas '07, lives in London and Monaco Everything quintessentially Sixties eccentric London is present and correct in The Look of Love , an absorbing biopic of Paul Raymond, the impressario, porn king and property magnate once dubbed 'the richest man in England'. Comments  Meeting David Harewood Naana Orleans-Amissah Cultural observer, obsessive book-lover, aspiring author As we both relax into what becomes a three hour chat, this impression grows. Is it because, even with a family, this is a man who has essentially been nomadic for three decades? I want to probe. As an actor who did he look up to? He lists Spencer Tracey, Sydney Poitier and Peter Fonda... Comments Why I Was Wrong and Full of Sh*t About Sobriety Carrie Armstrong TV Presenter, Blogger, Geordie This year I've been talking a lot about addiction. Why we are failing. What we are doing wrong. Why our failure rates are so bloody high. I shout a lot about mainstream recovery groups. How I believe they purport relapse and accept semi-permanent recovery as the norm. I was wrong. Comments (40)  Taking the First Step in the Right Direction Jameela Jamil Presenter of Radio 1's Official Chart show In the last month we have heard the news that youth unemployment fell by around 20,000 in the three months up to May. There is clearly a long way to go but people seem to be feeling a bit more optimistic about the job market for the first time in years. It feels great to know that more people are finding work and gaining the experience, not to mention self-confidence, that they need. However, while finding a job can be a great boost, especially if someone has been struggling to gain employment, it doesn't mean that happiness automatically follows. Comments Save Your Marriage: Shrink Your Wedding Vikki Geary Project Manager, writer and illustrator who loves anything and everything creative With the average wedding costing a staggering £20,000 by some estimates, is it any wonder that non-celebrity couples are also going back to basics? With more of us pursuing careers and families at the same time as planning a wedding, splashing out for just one day feels like an unaffordable and unnecessary luxury. Comments A Letter of Apology to My Hair Sophie Baker-Britton Project Manager who specialises in charity projects and volunteers at her local animal sanctuary My hair has been miserable and at times enraged with me but we are in a good place right now. It's time to own my mistakes and say sorry for some of the acts of cruelty I have inflicted on my hair over the years. Comments 'Cocaine Capital of the World' Stacey Dooley Campaigner and factual documentary presenter I have spent the majority of my year across three continents where I have been filming a new series for BBC Three focusing on the new frontlines of the global war on drugs. My journey starts in Peru, which has now become the new cocaine capital of the world, overtaking Colombia. Peru sends most of the cocaine to Europe and so a lot of it will end up in the UK. Comments (21)  Thirteen Years of Iconic Hair Vikki Geary Project Manager, writer and illustrator who loves anything and everything creative In the 60s it was Mia Farrow's crop; in the 70s it was Farrah Fawcett's feathery blonde layers. By the 80s we were admiring Blondie's choppy fringe, then in the 90s women were asking their hairdresser for 'The Rachel'. But what will go down in history as the most iconic hairstyle of the 00s? Comments How Red Nose Day Is Changing the Lives of Women and Girls Across Africa Kimberley Walsh 1/5 of Girls Aloud; singer and performer As a performer, I totally understand how powerful music and drama is to express yourself and get difficult emotions out into the open. Singer and dancer Mary is one such person. She puts heartfelt emotion into every single performance in an attempt to turn her painful past into a positive force. Her powerful lyrics and support from an incredible project have turned this once shy woman into a local celebrity in the rural part of eastern Uganda where she lives with her husband and children. I recently met Mary, 48, and heard her remarkable story... Comments BBC Fictionalises Couch Family History for Nigel Havers' Programme Rachel Wilson-Couch saffronbunny - burrowing into the heart of food and travel Havers is famous for caddish roles on TV and seemed delighted to make the link with his own great-great-grandfather at the expense of historical fact: "He just couldn't resist it," he states, "bit of a cad really, I've been playing those sort of parts for years." Comments Starting a New Album: Fine Tuning the Process Josephine Singer songwriter hailing from Manchester It's wonderful to have a collaborator. Sometimes as a musician, or writer, you spend hours at home alone just working on idea after idea, you never really know what's working, you don't know what's good, bad, or just plain terrible. And, I suppose that's why getting those ideas out in front of another human being can be so scary. Comments I'm a Candy Kitten Too! Richard Brownlie-Marshall Renowned British designer and creative Something clear when speaking to him, was that this is a brand sweetened with Jamie Laing. From his humour, fun and maybe one or two of his trademark phrases, Candy Kittens is full of life and certainly has plenty more in it. For one week only they have popped up at 261 Kings Road, so pop in and you might even meet the main-man himself. Comments 'It's A Step Too Far' Quick Read | Comments (15) | 27.08.2013 Queen Of Cash Quick Read | Comments | 27.08.2013 Carol Lets Loose In The CBB House Quick Read | Comments (87) | 27.08.2013 Sharon And Gaga Set For Live Showdown Quick Read | Comments | 27.08.2013 PICTURES: Why Is Miley So Tongue-Tied? Quick Read | Comments | 27.08.2013 WATCH: Would This Make You Buy 1D's Perfume? Quick Read | Comments | 27.08.2013 PICTURE: Friends Or Foes? Quick Read | Comments | 27.08.2013 Miley Cyrus Twerks Her Way Through VMA's Quick Read | Comments | 27.08.2013 Married In Vegas! Quick Read | Comments (23) | 27.08.2013 MTV Video Music Awards 2013: Best And Worst Dressed - YOU Decide! Quick Read | Comments | 26.08.2013 PICTURES: Simon Cowell Loved Up On Holiday Quick Read | Comments (22) | 26.08.2013 Masterchef Star's Company Left '£500,000 In Debt' Quick Read | Comments (180) | 25.08.2013 Cheryl Cole Strikes Bum Note, But Defends Tattoo From Critics Quick Read | Comments (907) | 27.08.2013 Who's Bum Is This Amazing Tattoo Covering? Quick Read | Comments (317) | 24.08.2013 Tulisa 'Was On Suicide Watch' Quick Read | Comments | 24.08.2013 Meet Baby North West Quick Read | Comments (85) | 23.08.2013 PICS: Luisa Shrugs Off Apostrophe Row Quick Read | Comments (175) | 23.08.2013  Most Popular CM%2FQMZqiVFuEYSYy%2F%2FCvfMb4SyLeSoTn87Geg%2BBXqns%3D nfOYAS8wR4SGt8nt8GJFewPzDpyK5nKM6iA913PKd1c%3D i4oLJ22pKRcwCVYb5MMtnJjktWcZOaFcPJ%2BxBgMBKb8%3D 1 of 3  Cheryl Cole Defends New Bum Tattoo, Which Took 14 Hours To Have Done, And Covers Her Entire Bottom 907 Comments  'EastEnders' Star Laila Morse Declared Bankrupt 117 Comments  Melanie Sykes Channels Jodie Marsh As She Reveals Muscly Physique In Twitter Selfie (PICTURES) 113 Comments  Cheryl Cole's Back Tattoo Covers Her Naked Geordie Bum (PICTURE) 319 Comments  'We're More In Love Than Ever Before' Quick Read | Comments (13) | 23.08.2013 Katherine 'Heartbroken' After Love Split Quick Read | Comments (65) | 23.08.2013 Who Is R-Patz Snogging? Quick Read | Comments | 23.08.2013 'I Expect Her To Write Songs About Me' Quick Read | Comments (14) | 23.08.2013 Which 'Loose Women' Star Is Facing The Axe? Quick Read | Comments (198) | 23.08.2013 CBB: Big And Loose In Big Brother House - Who's In? Quick Read | Comments (136) | 22.08.2013 WATCH: Celebrity Big Brother's 20 Best Bits Ever Quick Read | Comments | 23.08.2013 PICTURE: Madge's Fierce Grill Quick Read | Comments (33) | 22.08.2013 Olly's Spinning Around Quick Read | Comments | 22.08.2013 Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 HUFFPOST'S BIG NEWS PAGES Celebrity Big Brother's Best Bits: 20 Of The Most Memorable Moments Ever (VIDEO) TV Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman Snapped Filming 'Sherlock' Series 3 (PICTURES) Sherlock Madonna Flashes Fierce Grill As She Launches Fitness Centre In Rome (VIDEO, PICTURE) Madonna Olly Murs Dons Kylie Minogue's Gold Hotpants, Thanks Robbie Williams For Letting Him Join Him On Tour (PICTURE) Olly Murs Simon Cowell Victim Of Bad Photoshop Job In New 'X Factor USA' Promo (PICTURES) Simon Cowell Ricky Gervais Planning David Brent Movie? Film  Zayn Malik Speaks About Perrie Edwards Engagement As He's Ambushed In Interview (VIDEO) Zayn Malik New 'Doctor Who' Peter Capaldi Will 'Probably' Use His Scottish Accent For The Role Doctor Who One Direction: Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne And Louis Tomlinson's 100 Sexiest Photos (PICTURES) Liam Payne Luisa Zissman Hits Back At Twitter Haters With Bikini Selfie - Take That Critics! (PICTURE) Luisa Zissman 'EastEnders' Star Laila Morse Declared Bankrupt EastEnders Holly Willoughby Rumoured For 'Made In Chelsea' Appearance Made In Chelsea more big news pages &#187;  Advertise | Make HuffPost your Home Page | RSS | Careers | FAQ User Agreement | Privacy | Cookie Policy | Comment Policy | About Us | About Our Ads | Contact Us &quot;The Huffington Post UK&quot; is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. &copy; 2013 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors Part of  HuffPost Entertainment     