 Skip to main content Banner - academics Banner Image: Audience Navigation Current Students Faculty &amp; Staff Alumni User menu Log in At home in the world Search form Search  Search About AUP Academics Admissions Student Life News &amp; Events Support AUP  Contact Us Visit AUP Search form Search  Departments Menu This section Info for  About AUP Academics Admissions Student Life News &amp; Events Support AUP Home Academics Departments Art History and Fine Arts  Paris is a renowned capital of art offering a feast for the art lover’s eyes. From Impressionist masterpieces in the Musée d’Orsay to the large holdings at the legendary Louvre, there are nearly endless treasures to discover. The majors and minors in Art History and Fine Arts at The American University of Paris draw heavily on the extraordinary number of museums and major monuments in Paris—and in Europe as a whole. The ease of access to these rich collections allows students to develop an immediate and intimate understanding of great works of Western Art—works which have been created over thousands of years. The department also complements its strong core of courses with offerings in non-Western Art, abundantly present in Parisian and other museums, as well. Study trips are integral to the art history experience In addition to classroom sessions and museum visits, many courses have study trips . These trips allow for an in-depth comprehension of the cultures, societies, and circumstances which have generated major works and monuments. In recent years the European destinations of course-specific study trips have included Venice, Madrid, Amsterdam, Rome, London, Bayeux, Antwerp, Florence, Arles, Basel, Nîmes, Brussels, Chartres, Bruges, The Hague, and Fontainebleau. Research areas and skills Students acquire a broad grasp of the evolution of Western Art, with specific understanding of important developments and determinants—religious, political, philosophical, and literary. They learn to look carefully, to study and analyze works critically, and to develop a good visual memory.  Students come to a solid comprehension of subject and content, and to a fine appreciation of the development of style. Research skills are continually and methodically sharpened, and students reach an optimal level of both written and oral expression. Get in touch Please feel free to explore all our exciting art history and fine arts courses , meet our accomplished faculty , and contact us if you have any questions. We look forward to hearing from you.  Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Summer Programs Study Abroad Departments Art History and Fine Arts Majors &amp; Minors Courses Faculty Career Outcomes Contact Comparative Literature and English Computer Science, Math and Science Economics Film Studies French Studies and Modern Languages Global Communications History International and Comparative Politics International Business Administration Philosophy Psychology Faculty Academic Offices &amp; Resources University Library Course Catalog Academic Calendar  &copy; 2013 THE AMERICAN UNIVERSITY OF PARIS Maps &amp; Directions Directories Employment Opportunities Social Media Directory  