  Sign In |  Subscribe Username Password Remember Me Forgot username? Forgot password? Sign In |  Subscribe My Account | Customer Service | Site Features Donate |  A-Z Index   Car Types Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury cars Minivans Pickup trucks Sedans Small cars Sports cars SUVs Wagons See new cars      |     used cars      |     all cars Tires & Car Care Car batteries GPS Tires Topics Cars News Car prices & deals Car buying advice Car safety Top Products Air conditioners Air purifiers Blenders Clothes dryers Coffeemakers Cooktops & wall ovens Dehumidifiers Dishwashers Freezers Microwave ovens Kitchen ranges Refrigerators Sewing machines Space heaters Steam irons Toasters Vacuum cleaners Washing machines See all products Topics Appliance News Top Products Camcorders Cell phones & services Computers Cordless phones Digital cameras Digital picture frames Blu-ray players GPS Headphones Home theater systems MP3 Players Printers TVs See all products Topics Electronics News Top Products Cordless drills Flooring Gas grills Kitchen cookware Lawn mowers & tractors Leaf blowers Mattresses Snow blowers String trimmers Water filters See all products Topics Home News Safety News Top Products Baby monitors Backpacks Car seats Cribs High chairs Play yards Strollers Thermometers See all products Topics Babies & Kids News Safety News Products & Services Airline travel Appliance stores Brokerage services Car insurance Computer stores Credit cards Customer service Drug stores Electronics stores Extended warranties Eyeglass stores Home insurance Hotel rooms Outlet stores Prepaid cards Retail stores Rewards cards Shopping websites Sporting goods stores Store credit cards Supermarkets See all products Topics Health Insurance Money News Pet Products & Advice Restaurants Guide Student Debt Top Products Buy Blu-ray players Buy camcorders Buy car seats Buy clothes dryers Buy coffeemakers Buy computers Buy cordless phones Buy digital cameras Buy dishwashers Buy GPS Buy gas grills Buy lawn mowers Buy microwave ovens Buy printers Buy kitchen ranges Buy refrigerators Buy TVs Buy vacuum cleaners Buy washing machines See all products Top Products Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Diet Plans Electric Toothbrushes Ellipticals Exercise Bikes Eye Creams Hair Dryers Hair Dyes Hearing Aids Sunscreens Tooth Whiteners Treadmills Walking Shoes Wrinkle Creams Wrinkle Serums Topics Best Buy Drugs Health Insurance Plan Rankings Heart Surgeon Ratings Hospital Ratings ADHD Allergies Back Pain Depression Diabetes Heart Health Insomnia Lasik Eye Surgery Sexual Health New Cars Used Cars Car Prices &amp; Deals Car Buying Advice Tires &amp; Car Care Car Safety Car Repairs Home &gt; Cars &gt;2012 Detroit auto show video: 2013 Honda Accord Coupe Subscribers only Sign in or Subscribe now! Sign In Username Password Remember Me Forgot username? Forgot password?  Close Send this info to a friend To: From : Check this box if you wish to have a copy mailed to you. Privacy note: We won't use your friend's e-mail for anything other than sending this message. See our privacy policy .     A A  2012 Detroit auto show video: 2013 Honda Accord Coupe Consumer Reports News: January 12, 2012 03:08 PM  Find Ratings Sedans  Honda has a lot on the line with their new ninth-generation Accord, as two natural disasters took a chunk out of 2011 production for this perennial top seller. There’s also the looming dark cloud of intense competition, with an impressive updated 2012 Toyota Camry , the stunning 2013 Ford Fusion , a promising new Chevrolet Malibu , and the pending redesign of the Nissan Altima. And then there’s the still strong-and-fresh Hyundai Sonata that’s been nibbling away at market share. Honda is usually a conservative company and that’s reflected in this new Accord. The styling isn’t a big departure from the current model. When Honda rolled out their eighth-generation Accord Coupe concept in 2007, we thought it would be the harbinger to a more stylish Accord sedan. It didn’t. We’ll try not to be fooled again. This coupe looks a lot like the current model, but with some added character lines on the haunches. In a tough economy, playing it conservative means not tampering too much with success. During the unveiling, Honda’s spokesman talked a lot about fun, mentioning it eight times in the press conference. The new Accord will be lighter, lower, and a bit shorter - all steps in the right direction - while retaining its spacious cabin. But not much was said about the steering or suspension. The Accord will very likely move to electric steering with this generation. Problem is, Honda hasn’t really done a good job with tuning electric steering yet. The Acura TSX , Acura TL , and Civic all have vague on-center feel that robs them of fun. We’ll see if Honda breaks that string with the Accord. Honda is also claiming best-in-class fuel economy, like almost every other manufacturer. They’re working to achieve that with a new 2.4-liter, four-cylinder engine linked to a continuously variable transmission (CVT). Ford made the same claim on the same day at the same show; we’ll see if their whiz-bang 1.6-liter turbocharged four-cylinder coupled to a conventional automatic can outduel the more mundane-sounding Honda powertrain. Despite adding direct injection, the new Honda 2.4-liter has a relatively modest performance bump (181 hp, 177 lb.-ft. torque) to their current 2.4-liter (177 hp, 161 lb.-ft. torque). Honda is also sticking with offering a V6, while many competitors are moving away from that decreasing-volume family car segment. The biggest news here is that Honda will offer the Accord as a plug-in hybrid. That’s a significant leapfrog in technology, as the company currently doesn’t sell a full hybrid system here, instead relying on their less-expensive (and also less-fuel-efficient) IMA light hybrid system. A clever feature will allow the driver to actively choose when to use the stored battery power. For instance, the car can run on the highway on gasoline and then be switched to the 10-15 miles of electric-only range for the final urban part of the commute. You don’t have to use up all of the battery range up front. This Accord will offer a full suite of available electronic safety devices, including an enhanced blind spot system that shows an image of what otherwise lurks unseen. That will be optional, but a rear camera will be standard. Honda also stressed driver visibility from a large window greenhouse area. Other sedans would do well to follow those ideas. While other automakers are pointing to the fences, Honda’s diligently working to steadily raise its batting average. We’ll see how that approach plays out when we buy an Accord or two this fall to test. See our complete 2012 Detroit auto show coverage , and our show profile of the Accord . — Tom Mutchler      Find Ratings  Sedans 111 rated Sedans Ratings  View and compare all Sedans ratings.    E-mail Newsletters FREE e-mail Newsletters! Choose from safety, health, cars, and more!  Already signed-up? Manage your newsletters here too.  [if lte IE 8]> <script type="text/javascript" src="/etc/designs/cro/application-resources/scripts/d3.ie8.compat.js"></script> <![endif] Cars News Connect Discuss products and safety with subscribers and fans Follow us on: Cars New Car Price Report  Find out what the dealers don't want you to know! Get a great price on a new car with the Consumer Reports New Car Price Report.  Order Your Report Mobile Get Ratings on the go and compare while you shop Learn more  About Us How we test Our mission Our history Press Room No commercial use policy Career Opportunities ConsumerReports.org Contact Us My Account A-Z Index Car Index Product Index Your Privacy Rights Ad Choices User Agreement Mobile Products View Mobile Web Site Consumer Reports Network ConsumerReports.org The Consumerist Cars Best Deals Plus Car Pricing Service National Car Prices ConsumersUnion.org Canada Extra en Español School Safety Alert Consumer Reports Bookstore ShopSmartMag.org  Copyright © 2006-2013 Consumer Reports . No reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission .  SiteCatalyst code version: H.21.1Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com 