 [if IE 6]><div class="ie6"><![endif]  My AutoTrader:   Sign in Sign up   Sign in with    Facebook    Error. Try again later.   Save cars, searches & time. Always FREE! [if IE 6]></div><![endif] Find Cars for Sale Car Research Sell Your Car Trade In Your Car Find Local Dealers Loans Insurance Get Prices & Reviews Compare Cars Car Reviews & News Explore by Lifestyle New Cars Certified Cars Used Cars Credit Center  2013 VW Beetle Convertible & R-Line Models: LA Auto Show    Volkswagen unveils 2013 Beetle Convertible at LA Auto Show. Beetle will be most fuel-efficient convertible in the U.S. Features soft-top roof that folds in 9.5 seconds up to speeds of 31 mph. This year's LA Auto Show marks the unveiling of the 2013 VW Beetle Convertible. Inspired by Beetle convertible models of the past, but with distinctive modern bodylines, features and three engine options, the 2013 Beetle Convertible proves itself to be not only fashionable but also sporty and eco-friendly. Incorporating design cues from Beetle convertibles from the 1950s, the latest Beetle Convertible is sportier looking, better equipped and more livable than ever. For 2013, the Beetle Convertible is 3.3 inches wider, 6 inches longer and has 3.4 cu ft more interior room. In the rear, VW has fitted the Beetle Convertible with folding rear seats, which allows for greater storage capacity and versatility. Customers will find even the base model, starting at $24,995, to be extremely well appointed, with an 8-speaker audio system, Bluetooth cell phone connectivity, heated front seats, cruise control, a leather-wrapped steering wheel and 17-inch aluminum alloy wheels. Standard equipment includes an Automatic Rollover Support System, with rollover bars behind the rear bench seats that are automatically deployed with the airbags in the event of a collision. Also standard is an electronically retractable soft-top that folds in just 9.5 seconds and can be activated at speeds up to 31 mph. Volkswagen is offering the 2013 VW Beetle Convertible with a choice of three engines: a 2.5-liter inline 5-cylinder, a 2-liter turbocharged inline 4-cylinder engine called the TSI and a turbocharged 2-liter inline 4-cylinder diesel engine known as the TDI. The 2.5-liter 5-cylinder is paired with a 6-speed automatic transmission and produces 170 hp and 177 lb-ft of torque. The 2.5-liter is estimated to achieve 21 mpg in the city and 27 mpg on the highway. The 2-liter TSI is offered with either a 6-speed manual transmission or a dual-clutch transmission called DSG. When fitted with the manual, the TSI is expected to achieve 21 mpg in the city and 30 mpg on the highway. Last--and most fuel-efficient--is the 2-liter TDI diesel engine, which is also offered with either a 6-speed manual or the DSG transmission. When optioned with the 6-speed manual, TDI models are expected to achieve 28 mpg in the city and 41 mpg on the highway, making it the most fuel-efficient convertible available in the U.S. The 2013 Beetle Convertible goes on sale in December 2012, just in time for the holidays. Pricing ranges from the $24,995 base model up to $32,395 for the fully loaded Turbo model. In addition to the Beetle Convertible debut, Volkswagen  also announced a new trim level for the rakish 4-door CC sedan: the CC R-Line. The R-Line adds 18-inch aluminum-alloy wheels, a larger lower air intake, side skirting, R-Line badges including stainless steel R-Line rocker panels, and projector fog lights. The CC R-Line starts at $32,195. A similar R-Line package was also announced for Beetle coupes and the just-released Beetle convertible. Although it's not brand-new news, VW is also publicly displaying the new Jetta Hybrid. Powered by a 1.4-liter TSI turbocharged four-cylinder engine and an electric motor/generator receiving power from a Lithium-ion battery pack. The sporty Jetta Hybrid is estimated to achieve a combined fuel economy score of 45 mpg. The new Jetta Hybrid starts at $24,995 and ranges up to the $31,180. What it means to you: Volkswagen revives the Beetle Convertible, breathing new fuel-efficient life into the drop-top market, along with German sensibility and sportiness. See more LA Auto Show news . Nick Jaynes developed a passion for writing about cars working his way through Journalism School as a Volvo mechanic. When he's not writing, Nick can be seen hosting the popular automotive web-show DownForce Motoring. In his free-time, Nick collects vintage cars, trucks, and motorcycles. Related Articles &amp; Car Reviews  2014 Volkswagen Beetle: New Car Review    The 2014 Volkswagen Beetle's retro styling may bring back memories, but is this really a car worth considering? Find out in our review.  Read more   2013 Volkswagen Beetle TDI: New Car Review Video    For 2013, Volkswagen has added the uber-popular TDI engine to the classic Beetle to offer both power and fuel economy.  Read more   2013 Volkswagen Beetle Convertible: New Car Review Video    The 2013 VW Beetle Convertible is both economical and lots of fun to drive -- a winning combination.  Read more   2013 VW Beetle Convertible: 5 Reasons To Buy    Looking for fun in the sun on the cheap? Look no further than the 2013 VW Beetle Convertible. Here are five reasons to check one out.  Read more   VW Beetle Joins with Apple to Create iPhone-Compatible iBeetle    Volkswagen and tech giant Apple teamed up to make a Beetle that offers a docking station and iPhone app.  Read more See all articles and car reviews  Find Cars for sale near you: Make Any Make Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Datsun DeLorean Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Freightliner Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Yugo ZIP Next  Advertisement Research by Vehicle Type   Shopping Tools  Build & Price your 2013 Volkswagen Beetle  Get Prices Photos and Reviews for the 2013 Volkswagen Beetle   Save time and money with the New Car Buying Guide For Sale on Autotrader.com Change ZIP  Please enter your ZIP to see local prices and listings near you.  Submit  Browse Cars for Sale Browse Special Offers Search for Car Dealers Browse Car Dealers Sell a Car Help Fraud Awareness Car Research New Cars Used Cars Certified Cars New Car Models Car Model Information AutoTrader.com Mobile About AutoTrader.com Press Room Jobs at AutoTrader.com Contact Us Become an AutoTrader.com Dealer Corporate Information Site Map By using this service, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement . Privacy Statement. AdChoices &copy;2013AutoTrader.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved."AutoTrader.com" is a registered trademark of TPI Holdings, Inc. used under exclusive license.  Become a Fan of AutoTrader.com on Facebook  Follow AutoTrader.com on Twitter  See AutoTrader.com Videos on YouTube  AutoTrader.com on Google+  Search Ignite BEGIN click tracking script version 4.0 A tracking tag provided by 360i http://www.360i.com/ Fires on page load 