 Spain Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Blogs You are here: Home > Transport in Spain > Vehicle Ownership > Buying &amp; Selling Cars Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Importing a Vehicle Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Imports ITV Certification Buying &amp; Selling Cars Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Air &amp; Sea Travel Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport Show Local AngloINFO Almería Balearics Barcelona Canary Islands Costa Blanca Costa Brava Costa Cálida Costa de la Luz Costa del Sol Madrid Valencia Show Worldwide AngloINFO Home Argentina Australia Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Costa Rica Cyprus Denmark Dubai France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Malaysia Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Panama Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Inside Emergency Numbers Foreign Exchange Maps of Spain Public Holidays Spanish News Translate Online Weather <h3 class="lefth3bg">Essentials</h3><ul class="menu"></ul>  Currency Converter Currency from: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Australian Dollar Brazilian Real Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Currency to: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Brazilian Real Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Sand Monsul beach, at Cabo de Gata-Níjar  Buying and Selling a Car in Spain Information on how, as a foreigner in Spain, you can buy a new or used car. Includes information on what forms to fill out and how to find your local traffic department ( Jefatura de Trafico) ... A foreigner may buy a Spanish-registered car in Spain provided they have one of the following: an official residency card ( Tarjeta de Residencia )  or proof that they are a Spanish home owner (by showing title deeds) or documentation that proves the holder is a registered member of the local community, the certificado de empadronamiento (available from the Town Hall /  Ayuntamiento ) issued within the three months prior to the purchase)  or a rental contract for a duration of minimum one year  or an NIE/NIF number (Foreigner's Identification Number) in Spain Buying a New or Used Car in Spain A new or used vehicle bought (or leased) from a dealership will almost certainly have the registration and ownership transfer handled by the dealer. The dealer may also offer insurance contracts. Many dealerships will take the old vehicle as part exchange. Used cars ( coches d e segunda mano / coches de occasion ) are available for purchase through dealerships or private sale. They may be advertised in automobile magazines and journals such as Coche Actual , Mi Coche , Motor en Mano , and Anuncio Motor , through classified advertisements in newspapers, or on websites such as  eBay Spain and Supermotor . The sale and exchange When buying a second-hand used car it is important to see originals of all the paperwork. This is particularly important when buying privately, to ensure that the person selling the car has the right to sell it. Be sure to match the name on the paperwork to those on the sellers' personal identification document. Once the sale is agreed, the seller provides the following: Vehicle registration document ( Permiso de Circulación ) Proof of roadworthiness (a valid ITV test certificate ) Receipt for municipal vehicle tax ( Impuesto Municipal sobre Vehículos de Tracción Mecánica ) Personal identification such as an NIE/NIF card (plus photocopy for the buyer) The buyer and seller should draw up a sale agreement ( Contrato de Compraventa ) or the seller may provide an invoice . Either should note the details of the vehicle, names of buyer and seller, the sale price agreed and date and time that the transfer takes place (this final point is so that if there are traffic fines associated with the vehicle they can be assigned to the correct person). The buyer provides a transfer of ownership form ( Solicitud de Transmisión de Vehículos ) which is signed by the buyer and the seller. It is a duplicate form with the buyer and seller each keeping a copy. Note : Further documentation may be requested by some province or autonomous region authorities. The transfer of ownership form ( Solicitud de Transmisión de Vehículos ) can be downloaded from the DGT ( Dirección General de Tráfico ) website: Click here Payment A bank cheque ( Cheque Bancario ) is generally regarded as the normal way to make large payments in a private transaction in Spain. Personal cheques are not guaranteed. Insurance The existing insurance may be transferred by the seller to the new owner. The seller may instead choose to cancel the policy or transfer it to another vehicle and the new owner may arrange their own insurance. The insurance must be arranged before the new owner drives the vehicle. Information from the DGT: Click here (in Spanish) Registration of the Change of Owner ( Transferencia de Vehículos ) Transfer of ownership is finalised at the Jefatura de Tráfico . The buyer and seller may go together to submit paperwork, or do it individually. It is possible to visit the traffic office in person or to employ a gestor to do so. What the seller does The seller should notify the local Traffic Office ( Jefatura de Tráfico ) of sale or transfer. Take a copy of the registration document and completed transfer of ownership form to the traffic department. Within 15 days of the sale, the buyer should be able to provide the seller with proof that the paperwork has been completed. If this is not possible the seller should contact the local Traffic Office to inform them that the car has been sold ( notificación de venta ). Use the Notificación Transmisión de Vehículos form. Notification of sale form ( Notificación Transmisión de Vehículos ): Click here (PDF in Spanish) It is important to make sure that the transfer is properly completed, otherwise the seller may be held responsible for the unpaid tax or fines incurred by the new owner. The seller may apply to the local Traffic Office for deregistration papers ( baja de vehículo ) to avoid later consequences. Application form ( Solicitud de baja de vehículo ) can be downloaded from the DGT website: Click here What the buyer does The buyer must register the vehicle in their name at the vehicle registry ( Registro de Vehículos ) at the local traffic department ( Jefatura de Tráfico ). This transfer of the vehicle's registration document must be made within 30 days of purchase. The cost of the transfer is currently 4 percent of the value of the vehicle, however if a buyer chooses to use the help of a gestor , the buyer will pay an additional fee for this service. To find the local Jefatura de Tráfico : Click here (in Spanish) The documents to supply are : The copy of the transfer of ownership form ( Solicitud de transmisión de vehículos ) The copy of the sale agreement and a copy of the ID of the seller The relevant paperwork provided by the seller: Vehicle registration document ( Permiso de Circulación ) ITV certificate as proof of roadworthiness Receipt for municipal vehicle tax In addition, a foreign buyer will need to provide the following documents to complete the transfer: Proof of habitation in Spain as outlined above (proof by means of residencia , NIE certificate, local town registry document,  Certificado de Empadronamiento , property title deeds or rental contract) Further Information For information from the Dirección General de Tráfico (DGT): Click here (in Spanish) &lt; ITV Certification Vehicle Insurance &gt; Related Information Driving On The Road Road Tax Types of Roads &amp; Fuel Parking Penalties &amp; Drink Road Accidents Driving Licences EU Driving Licence Spanish Driving Licences Non-EU Licence Vehicle Ownership Importing a Vehicle Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Imports ITV Certification Buying &amp; Selling Cars Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Trains, Trams &amp; Metro Buses &amp; Coaches Transport Strikes Useful Transport Terms Air &amp; Sea Travel Airport Hand Baggage Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport Transportation Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... If you believe any of the information on this page is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know. AngloINFO makes every effort to ensure its INFOrmation Pages are as comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date as possible, but we're also grateful for any help! (If you want to contact AngloINFO for any other reason, please follow the instructions on this website's contact page .) Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Your IP address: LOGGED (10.58.74.49) Your suggestion: *  Copyright &copy; 2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Contact , Cookies . AngloINFO | Everyday life in Spain, in English Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! X Welcome to AngloINFO Spain Everything you need for life in Spain - local information you can trust We have local franchise opportunities in Spain and around the world Do you dream of having your own, profitable, easy-to-operate business? AngloINFO might be the solution! Now in its thirteenth year of business, AngloINFO is the world's leading network of expat information websites - with over three million monthly visitors from around the world. We have an established network of 81 local websites in 37 countries with many more in development. Our 54 local franchisees are the key to our success and come from a huge range of backgrounds, ages and nationalities. The common factor is a passion for success. Find out more... Close Window 