  Cars Direct New Cars Used Cars How It Works Deals SALE Auto Loans Trade Ins Send Feedback  Used Car Buying Best Used Cars How to Buy Used Cars Salvaged Vehicles Used Car Paperwork Used Trucks and 4x4s Where to Buy Used Cars Featured Stories Find Used Cars for Sale by Owner in Five Simple Steps 4 Facts to Consider before Buying a Used Truck 5 Mistakes to Avoid When Buying a Used Car How to Find the Best Used SUV for Sale Where to Buy Used Cars Buying and Selling Used Cars: Why Work with a Dealership? January 27, 2012  When it comes to buying and selling used cars , the Internet has created a whole lot of competition for the average local car dealer. Gone are the days when car shoppers had very few choices, and had to make do with a few local used car dealers in their area. The Internet has created a virtually endless car lot for potential car buyers to browse and choose from. Therefore, car dealers have had to adapt, and in many cases, this is helped improve doing business with local car dealers considerably. How Car Dealerships Have Changed With so many people now researching and buying vehicles on the Internet, local car dealers have been forced to improve almost every aspect of service in their business. In fact, most local car dealers either survive or fail based on the level of customer service they provide after the sale. Car dealerships that provide superior service and support to their customers when transacting automobile purchases or sales are doing rather well. While new or used car dealerships that provide shoddy service or engage in questionable activities, are now usually quickly found out and seem to fade away rather quickly. In short, the Internet has caused most car dealerships to improve the way they do business, and work harder to earn the respect and trust of customers. In fact, many local car dealerships offer services at a level that cause them to be sought by potential customers from far away and distant areas. This is a testament to the way many car dealerships have improved their image and standing over the last 10 years or so. Advantages of Local Car Dealerships Although the Internet certainly can make shopping for a car very convenient and easy, there is a lot to be said about dealing face to face with someone when you purchase a vehicle. Therefore, car dealerships offer a level of trust and comfort that Internet car dealers can never provide to potential car buyers. Furthermore, it is relatively easy to know the reputation and standing of a local dealership in your area. Most people will talk about their experiences with car dealerships -- whether they are good or bad. Therefore, if car dealerships want to survive in today's modern economy, they must provide excellent service or face closure. Regardless of whether you choose to use a local dealership or an online car dealer, you should always take the time to research the reputation of the dealer and their business policies. Being informed and aware of who you're doing business with, will always serve to help you avoid problems and save money in the long run. Furthermore, always ask as many questions as you feel are needed to make you comfortable with your car purchase. Related Questions and Answers Are There Any No Credit Check Car Dealerships? Yes, there are no credit check car dealership s that will offer you a loan on the spot. For example, there are buy-here-pay-here car dealerships that will allow you to choose a car right away and then pay for it with a down payment. Once you have made the down payment, you can then make weekly payments to the dealer directly. You will have to show paperwork that you have been employed at the same company for at least six months along with proof of residency. You may have to make higher down payments and get a cosigner though. The easiest way to find these dealerships is by checking online or asking your local dealer whether they offers in-house financing.  Related Articles Dealing with Car Dealers Using an Online Car Dealer How to Find Local Used Car Dealers How to Find Classic Car Dealerships Near You Making the Most of Used and New Car Incentives and Rebates Comments Related Articles Dealing with Car Dealers Using an Online Car Dealer How to Find Local Used Car Dealers How to Find Classic Car Dealerships Near You Making the Most of Used and New Car Incentives and Rebates More Where to Buy Used Cars Articles &raquo; Find Used Car Browse a huge selection of local inventory. Select a Make Select a Model Latest in Used Car Buying How To: Check for Odometer Fraud When Buying a Used Car How to Buy Used Cars - July 30, 2013 How to Find the Best Used SUV for Sale How to Buy Used Cars - January 26, 2012 How to Find a Cheap Used Van for Sale in Five Simple Steps How to Buy Used Cars - January 26, 2012 5 Mistakes to Avoid When Buying a Used Car How to Buy Used Cars - January 26, 2012 Do I Need an Auto Auction License to Buy a Car at an Auction? Salvaged Vehicles - December 9, 2010 Sell Your Car We can help you sell your car for FREE . 100+ major city zones near you Up to 16 color pictures And More Pricing Insider Blog Behind the Scenes Look at the NEW 2013 Jaguar XFR-S Commercial [Video Inside] Toyota Hybrid Sales Dominate California The 2014 Brabus S-Class. Now with 730 Horsepower. Airbag Replacement: Do You Need It? New Cars | Used Cars | How it Works | Car Trade-Ins | Auto Loans | Car Insurance | Sell Used Car Affiliate Program | Advertising Opportunities | Buy Auto Leads | About Us | Contact Us | Need Help? | Mobile | Terms of Use | Privacy | Jobs CARSDIRECT IS AN INTERNET BRANDS COMPANY. COPYRIGHT 1999-2013 CARSDIRECT.COM, INC.  