  Welcome, Guest The internet's a popularity contest! Join the craze and cast your vote to instantly rank the Newbies and Wannabes, making them All the Rage or casting them off to the lost world of One-Hit Blunders. Join the Craze! TopicCraze Search:  <tr><td><table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width="100%"><tr height=24><td valign=middle>Topic: Writing > Creative Writing</td><td width=1 align=left background="http://img1.webring.com/vertline.gif" ></td></tr></table></td></tr> Newbies in: Entertainment & Arts/Humanities/Books and Writing/Writing/Creative Writing creative writing - the frog blog. eco-talk! christian writings - invitation to the thirsty international ministries mystery heaven - sherlock holmes righters' block - kathleen ball western romance free fiction ring - the 4th loop the fiction alliance - india blooming speculative fiction and fantasy authors - cliff ball - christian author Topic: Writing > Creative Writing Sponsor(s) Showing 1 - 20 of 89 | Next20&gt; Alternate History Literature (14Sites,113 recent hits) Alternate history or alternative history is a subgenre of speculative fiction (or some would say of science fiction) that is set in a world in which history has diverged from history as it is generally known. Alternate history literature asks the question, "What if history had developed differently?" Most works in this genre are based in real historical events, yet feature social, geopolitical, or industrial circumstances that developed differently than our own. While to some extent all fiction can be described as "alternate history," the subgenre proper comprises fiction in which a change or point of divergence occurs in the past that causes human society to develop in a way that is distinct from our own. The ALTERNATE HISTORY LITERATUREis currently featuring G.E. Graven's online gothic epic, GROTESQUE, for review! Welcome aboard! AspiAuthors (4Sites,48 recent hits) A place to view the authors of tomorrow. This is a place to showcase our work, and grow as writers. Read our stories and enjoy a new century of fiction. Circle of the Muses (11Sites,51 recent hits) The Circle of the Muses is afor sites inspired by the ancient Greek muses. Sites showcase such arts and sciences as aromatherapy, art, astrology, astronomy, comedy, dance, drama, gardening, geometry, herbalism, history, literature, love, meditation, music, mythology, philosophy, poetry and theater. Creative Writing (11Sites,473 recent hits) The Creative Writingis for people who love to write. It is open to all genres of creative writing whether you are writing fiction, children stories, mysteries, poetry, life stories, magazine articles, travel reviews or doing screenwriting, journaling, grant writing, technical, business or marketing pieces, writting internet content, editing, or supporting and publishing creative writing. Member's websites, webpages, blogs, forums, etc. must be child safe to the extent that there is no pornography or language or content unsuitable to the eyes and minds of young creative writers. The webis open to the "general public" so use a modicum of discretion. The Writer's Connection webring was merged on 1-16-07 into and is now part of the Creative Writing webring. Please visit the webring's major sponsor: Earthnet Institute Online Instruction Center's Writing Dept. which offers low-cost online writing courses: http://www.eni.edu/online_writing_courses.html INTERNATIONAL WRITERS' COMMUNITY (17Sites,72 recent hits) Thislinks sites from around the world, dedicated to promoting and encouraging the craft of writing. If you are a writer, feel free to add your site to the web and add your distinctive voice to ours. La Chaîne Littéraire (28Sites,194 recent hits) Anneau de sites littéraires francophones. Women Writing on the Web (5Sites,57 recent hits) Afor writing sites owned or edited by women. All sorts of fiction, nonfiction, poetry, and comics sites are welcome, including fan fiction. No porn or hate material, though! Dreams After Dark (3Sites,71 recent hits) Dreams after Dark is a growingready for all you authors, writers, and dreamers. Please feel free to signup for this weband be recognized for what your really worth. Dreamers (2Sites,53 recent hits) "To sleep ... Perchance to dream" Truer words were never said. This is afor those who think.. feel... love... Each word you write is as a breath of air. We accept sites with Fantasy, Science Fiction, Goth, Fan Fiction/Fan Art and other writing and/or Art. No site without the ring code present will be admitted to the ring! Ethernet Ink (2Sites,4 recent hits) A group of talented writers with web presences. Writers of all kinds are welcome. Readers, grab that cup of joe, sit down and prepare yourself for a real treat! @.Allans Best Writing Sites on The Internet (1Sites,15 recent hits) This ring is a collection of the Greatest BOOK WRITING Sites on the Internet today. By joing this Ring, you will have many more visitors to your Website and become very well known all over the World. Come Join us Today and be part of this Greatest Ring Eclectic Expressions (1Sites,3 recent hits) Thisis for artists, writers, and just about anyone else with a creative streak! Do you have a constant need to voice your opinion? Does your site include your artwork, poems, rants and raves, or satirical humor? Then thisis for you! Creative Expression of any kind accepted! Sites with content that is both expressive and seems like it's had a lot of thought put into it are especially welcomed! Official Authors Attic (1Sites,9 recent hits) Thisis designed to bring writers together through the Authors Attic (a Yahoo Club). Authors Attic is full of talented writers from around the world. Join today! Righters' Block (1Sites,9 recent hits) The Righters' Blockis a community of creative and imaginative webmasters. If you and your site have those qualities and you want to share your words, images or ideas with a wider circle, please consider joining us. Allegory (0Sites,0 recent hits) Sites that present allegory in any form. Australian Writers (0Sites,0 recent hits) This is a webring for Australian writers only. It doesn't matter what genre you write - it can be fiction, non-fiction or an everyday blog. If you write and you're Australian, then join the webring today! (No commercial sites please.) BCPC Family Writer's (0Sites,1 recent hits) Thisis for writers and others who promote literary sites that are family safe. No sites that contain offensive or hateful materials will be accepted. BLuTopaz (0Sites,0 recent hits) Creations of Poetry & Other Writings Corner Of Your Mind (0Sites,0 recent hits) (Creative Writing) If you have short stories, then this is your. Creative People (0Sites,13 recent hits) CREATIVE PEOPLE: Sites showing owners' creative energy through their writings, their art and their web creations. Members are creative with creative sites. Showing 1 - 20 of 89 | Next20&gt; You're viewing: Home &gt; Entertainment & Arts &gt; Humanities &gt; Books and Writing &gt; Writing &gt; Creative Writing You might try these more specific sub-categories: Collaborative Writing Cultures and Groups Genres  Copyright &copy; 2012 TopicCraze, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service - Help Notice: We collect personal information on this site. To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy . 