  hr /><h1>Optional header</h1><p><a href="page1.shtml">Page 1</a></p><p><a href="index.shtml">Page 2</a></p><hr /><h1>Optional header 2</h1><p><a href="page3.shtml">Page 3</a></p><p><a href="page4.shtml">Page 4</a></p><hr /><p><a href="../">Department Home</a></p><p><a href="http://www.indiana.edu/">IU Home</a></p  College of Arts and Sciences (College) 2008&#8211;2010 Academic Bulletin College Programs College of Arts and Sciences (College) Kirkwood Hall 104 130 S. Woodlawn Bloomington, IN 47405 Local (812) 855-1821 Fax (812) 855-2060 Contact College  Fine Arts Faculty Introduction Major in History of Art&#8212;B.A. Minor in History of Art History of Art Honors Program Overseas Study Major in Studio Art&#8212;B.A. Minor in Studio Art Major in Studio&#8212;B.F.A. Transferred Credit Review Course Descriptions Faculty Director and Chair, Studio Art Professor Tim Mather Chair, Art History Professor Patrick McNaughton Chancellor's Professor Patrick McNaughton Distinguished Professors Bruce Cole (Emeritus), Rudolph Pozzatti (Emeritus) President's Outstanding Faculty Awardees William Itter, W. Eugene Kleinbauer (Emeritus), Bonnie Sklarski Herman Frederic Lieber Awardee Georgia Strange Rudy Professor of Fine Arts Robert Barnes (Emeritus) Ruth N. Halls Professors Sarah Burns, Jeffrey A. Wolin Professors Ed Bernstein, Barry Gealt, Janet Kennedy, Randy Long, Bonnie Sklarski, Georgia Strange Associate Professors Paul Brown, Wendy Calman, Shehira Davezac, Michelle Facos, Adelheid Gealt, Arthur Liou, Eve Mansdorf, Tim Mather, James Nakagawa, Tina Newberry, James Reidhaar, Diane Reilly, Bret Rothstein, Malcolm Mobutu Smith, Julie VanVoorhis Assistant Professors Galo Moncayo Asan, Christyl Boger, John Bowles, Margaret Dolinsky, Christiane Gruber, Nicole Jacquard, Giles Knox, Martha MacLeish, Althea Murphy-Price, Leslie Sharpe, Mariana Tres, Caleb Weintraub, Michael Wsol Visiting Assistant Professors Todd Frahm, Yukari Fukuta, Amy Norgaard, Rowland Ricketts, Silvia Ruzanka Faculty Emeriti Robert Barnes, Bruce Cole, Tom Coleman, Molly Faries, Barry Gealt, John Goodheart, William Itter, Jerald Jacquard, W. Eugene Kleinbauer, Marvin Lowe, Susan Nelson, Rudolph Pozzatti, Budd Stalnaker, Joan Sterrenburg Lecturers Jenny El-Shamy, Tim Kennedy, Laura Nguyen Academic Specialist Betsy Stirratt Associate Scholars Diana Gros Louis, Diane Pelrine, Judith Stubbs, Tony White Academic Advising, Studio Nell Weatherwax, Fine Arts 127, (812) 855-1693 Academic Advising, History of Art Amanda Peterson, Fine Arts 128, (812) 855-1056 Return to Top Introduction The Henry Radford Hope School of Fine Arts (FINA) offers students a number of programs in fine arts, including the B.A. in history of art, the B.A. in studio art, and the B.F.A. in studio art. Return to Top Major in History of Art&#8212;B.A. Purpose This program is designed to acquaint the student with the major developments in the history of art and the discipline and methods of art history, and to elucidate the work of art within the period and culture in which it was produced. Requirements Students must complete at least 30 credit hours in art history, including the following: The survey courses A101-A102. 24 credit hours above the 200 level, including at least four courses at the 300 level and at least three courses at the 400 level. (A160 or one 200-level major course may be substituted for one 300-level course.) The 300- and 400-level courses should be distributed among at least four of the following different areas of art history: ancient, medieval, Renaissance and baroque, modem, Islamic, Asian, African/Oceanic/pre-Columbian, or art theory. Courses must be completed with a grade of C&#8211; or higher. Students must complete the degree requirements of the College of Arts and Sciences. Recommendations A reading knowledge of a foreign language and a minor in the humanities are recommended. Some studio course work is also recommended. Residence Requirement At least 15 credit hours of art history must be completed in residence on the Bloomington campus, including two courses at the 300 level and two courses at the 400 level. Transferred Credit All art history courses transferred from another institution or campus must be evaluated by the director of undergraduate studies in the Department of the History of Art before they may be applied toward the major. Limit on Fine Arts Credit Hours A maximum of 63 credit hours of fine arts courses and a maximum of 42 credit hours in art history will count toward the 122 credit hours required for the B.A. degree. Return to Top Minor in History of Art Requirements Students must complete five courses in art history, with at least three courses at the 300 or 400 level. Courses must be completed with a C&#8211; or higher. At least two of these courses must be taken on the Bloomington campus. Return to Top History of Art Honors Program The fine arts honors program in history of art is designed to provide outstanding students with opportunities to pursue creative independent study and research. To be considered, a student must maintain a minimum grade point average of 3.500 in history of art and a minimum 3.300 overall GPA. The core of the program is an honors thesis, A499, normally written during the senior year under the supervision of a faculty member in history of art. Eligible and interested students should consult the director of the history of art honors program. Return to Top Overseas Study Students are encouraged to study abroad, particularly on Indiana University overseas study programs, where they can continue to make progress toward their degrees and apply financial aid to program fees. Of particular interest are the summer programs in Florence, Paris, and Venice. For information about study abroad, contact the Office of Overseas Study, Franklin Hall 303, (812) 855-9304. Return to Top Major in Studio Art&#8212;B.A. Purpose This program is designed to enable students to see, formulate, and articulate visual concepts through the manipulation of forms and materials. Its basic aim is to develop their awareness of visual expression within the humanist tradition. Requirements Students must complete at least 33 credit hours in studio and at least 12 credit hours in art history, including the following: F100, F101, and F102 (9 cr.). S200 (3 cr.). Three additional studio courses at the 200 level, including at least one course in both two-dimensional and three-dimensional disciplines. ( Note: The two-dimensional studio disciplines are graphic design, painting and drawing, photography, digital art, and printmaking. The three-dimensional disciplines are ceramics, fibers, metal working and jewelry design, and sculpture.) 12 additional credit hours in studio at the 300&#8211;400 level, including both two-dimensional and three-dimensional disciplines, with at least 3 credit hours (one course) at the 400 level. Art history courses A101 or A160, and A102. Two courses in art history at the 300&#8211;400 level. Students must complete the degree requirements of the College of Arts and Sciences. Residence Requirement At least 20 credit hours of studio and 6 credit hours of art history must be completed in residence on the Bloomington campus. Transferred Credit All art history and studio courses transferred from another institution or campus must be evaluated by an appropriate faculty member in the School of Fine Arts before they may be applied toward a major in fine arts. See "Transferred Credit Review." Limit on Fine Arts Credit Hours A maximum of 63 credit hours of fine arts will count toward the 122 credit hours required for the B.A. degree. Return to Top Minor in Studio Art Requirements Students must complete five courses in studio with a C&#8211; or higher, including: F100. F101 or F102. Three additional courses in studio art above the 100 level (two of which must be completed on the Bloomington campus). Return to Top Major in Studio&#8212;B.F.A. Purpose This program is designed to meet the needs of exceptional students who desire intensive studio experience within the context of the liberal arts. They must have demonstrated superior ability and motivation in a particular studio discipline. Admission to the B.F.A. program in any studio area is subject to a portfolio review, judgment of grades, and a personal interview with the faculty of that area. Applications are not usually considered until students have had at least two studio courses on the Bloomington campus. Requirements Students must complete at least 62 credit hours in studio and at least 12 credit hours in art history, including the following: F100, F101, and F102 (9 cr.). S200 (3 cr.). Three additional studio courses at the 200 level (at least 9 cr.), including at least one course in both two-dimensional and three-dimensional disciplines ( Note: The two-dimensional studio disciplines are graphic design, painting and drawing, photography, digital art, and printmaking. The three-dimensional disciplines are ceramics, fibers, metalworking and jewelry design, and sculpture.) Additional credit hours, prescribed by the director of the area in which the degree is taken, to total 62 credit hours of studio work, including both two-dimensional and three-dimensional disciplines. Final portfolio review (G400). Art history courses A101 or A160, and A102. Two courses in art history at the 300&#8211;400 level. Students must complete the degree requirements of the College of Arts and Sciences. Recommendations Students should plan the distribution of their programs within the areas offered under the guidance of area advisors. Residence Requirement At least 40 credit hours of studio and 6 credit hours of art history must be completed in residence on the Bloomington campus. Transferred Credit All art history and studio courses transferred from another institution or campus must be evaluated by an appropriate faculty member in the School of Fine Arts before they may be applied toward a major in fine arts. See "Transferred Credit Review." Return to Top Transferred Credit Review Courses in art history or studio art that have been transferred to Indiana University Bloomington from another institution or campus are not counted as part of a fine arts major unless they have been reviewed by the School of Fine Arts faculty. For an art history course review, the student should supply the reviewer with the following information: the title of the course, textbook name, and the period covered. The student should bring the course description and syllabus. For a review of transferred studio credit, the student should provide the reviewer with a portfolio consisting of representative work from each area (e.g., painting, sculpture, etc.) for which transfer credit is desired. It should include both studies and finished work. Some studio areas accept slides or photographs in lieu of actual objects. The portfolio should be as complete as possible. Double Major in History of Art and Studio Art Requirements Students must meet all the requirements for both majors. It will be acceptable to count a maximum of four art history courses toward both majors. A maximum of 63 credit hours in art history courses and studio courses will apply to a B.A. degree for students completing this double major. Return to Top Course Descriptions History of Art Courses for the Nonmajor H100 Art Appreciation (3 cr.) A & H Designed to acquaint students with outstanding works of art and to provide an approach to appreciation through knowledge of purposes, techniques, form, and content. Does not count toward the fine arts major. Credit given for only one of H100 or A108. A108 Art of the Western World (3 cr.) S & H Western art from ancient Greece through the present day, focusing on major artists and artwork of western culture, stressing underlying social, cultural, and historical circumstances for each period. Does not count toward the fine arts major. Credit given for only one of A108 or H100. A280 The Art of Comics (3 cr.) A & H Analysis of the visual and narrative language of comics from the earliest newspaper strips to the graphic novels of today. A290 Architecture for Planet Earth (3 cr.) S & H Focuses on the relationship betweenarchitecture and the environment at different points in history and in various parts of the world. Students will analyze (1) the natural conditions that determine basic building forms, (2) the cultural forces that add complexity to evolving built environments, and (3) conflicting modem attitudes towards nature and culture in architecture. Introductory Courses A101 Ancient and Medieval Art (3 cr.) S & H A survey of major styles and monuments in art and architecture from prehistoric times to the end of the Middle Ages. A102 Renaissance through Modern Art (3 cr.) S & H A survey of major artists, styles, and movements in European and American art and architecture from the fifteenth century to the present. A150 African, New World, and Oceanic Art (3 cr.) S & H Arts of the non-Western world outside the Orient. A160 Introduction to East Asian Art (3 cr.) A & H, CSA A survey of major monuments, artists, and movements in Chinese and Japanese art. A200 Topics in Art History (3 cr.) Various topics in the history of art will be offered depending upon instructors and their area of expertise. May be repeated with a different topic for a maximum of 6 credit hours. Classical Art A206 (CLAS C206) Classical Art and Archaeology (3 cr.) A & H, CSA Survey of the art and archaeology of classical lands from the Minoan-Mycenaean Age through classical Greece and Rome. Emphasis on the contributions of archaeology to our understanding of classical culture. A210 Topics in Ancient Art (3 cr.) Special topics in the history and study of ancient art. May be repeated with a different topic for a maximum of 6 credit hours. A214 Art and Life in Ancient Rome (3 cr.) S & H, CSA Thematic exploration of the artand architecture of ancient Rome with a focus on the relationship between art and society during the imperial period. A310 Topics in Ancient Art (3 cr.) A & H Special topics in the history and study of ancient art. May be repeated with a different topic for a maximum of 6 credit hours. A311 The Art of the Classical Age of Greece (3 cr.) S & H, CSA Architecture, sculpture, and painting in the fifth and fourth centuries B.C. A312 The Art of the Roman Empire from Augustus to Constantine (3 cr.) S & H Survey of art and architecture of the Roman Empire from 31 B.C.E. to 337 C.E. A313 Greek Pottery and Painting (3 cr.) Survey of Greek painted pottery and remains of painting from 1000 to 200 B.C. It illustrates the successive stages of development, drawing upon the rich collection of the IU Art Museum to illuminate the different phases. Emphasis is on period as well as individual styles and on the interpretation of subject matter as well as on technique. A314 History of Greek Sculpture (3 cr.) P: A101 and A206. The history of Greek sculpture from the early Iron Age (ca. 900 B.C.) to the late Hellenistic period. Focus on problems of change, context, and stylistic differentiation between parts of the Greek world. Original material from the IU Art Museum will also be studied. A316 Ancient Art from Alexander the Great to Augustus (3 cr.) A & H Introduction to the art and architecture of the ancient Mediterranean world during the Hellenistic and Roman Republican periods. A410 Topics in Ancient Art (3&#8211;4 cr.) Special topics in the history and study of ancient and Classical art. May be repeated with a different topic for a total of 8 credit hours. A412 (CLAS C412) The Art and Archaeology of the Aegean (3 cr.) A & H P: Junior standing. R: One course in ancient art or archaeology. Introduction to the preclassical art and archaeology of the Aegean Basin: Greece, Crete, and the Aegean islands during the Stone and Bronze Ages (to about 1000 B.C.). Topics covered include Troy, Minoan Crete, and Mycenaean Greece. A413 (CLAS C413) The Art and Archaeology of Greece (3 cr.) A & H P: Junior standing. R: One course in ancient art or archaeology. Art and archaeology of Greece from about 1000 B.C. through the Hellenistic period. Special attention given to the development of Greek architecture, sculpture, and vase painting. Continuation of A412 (C412), but A412 (C412) is not a prerequisite. A414 (CLAS C414) The Art and Archaeology of Rome (3 cr.) A & H P: Junior standing. R: One course in ancient art or archaeology. Development of Roman architecture, sculpture, and painting from the beginning through thefourth century A.D. Consideration given to the major archaeological sites. Continuation of A413 (C413), but A413 (C413) is not a prerequisite. A415 Roman Painting (4 cr.) S & H P: A101, A312, A314, A414, or consent of instructor. Critical survey of Roman painting from second century B.C. through early fourth century A.D. Emphasis is on paintings from Rome and the region of Pompeii in the period from 100 B.C. to A.D. 79. A416 Greek Architecture (4 cr.) P: A412, A413, or consent of instructor. The development of Greek architecture from the ninth to the first century B.C. A417 Roman Sculpture (4 cr.) S & H P: A101, A312, A314, A414, or consent of instructor. Analytical survey of Roman sculpture from the Republic through the reign of Septimus (circa 3rd century B.C.E. to early 3rd century C.E.) A418 Roman Architecture (4 cr.) P: A312, A414, A416, or consent of instructor. The formation and development of Roman architecture from the second century B.C. to the middle of the fourth century A.D. Medieval Art A226 Survey of Medieval Art (3 cr.) A & H, CSA Origins and development of the architecture, and especially the sculpture and painting, of the period from Constantine the Great (A.D. 300) to the fall of Constantinople in 1453 in the Byzantine East and the beginning of the Renaissance in the Latin West. A321 Early Medieval Art (3 cr.) S & H, CSA Survey of western European art from the barbarian migrations (fourth century) until the Romanesque (eleventh century), with emphasis on the age of Charlemagne (A.D. 768&#8211;814). A322 Romanesque and Gothic Art (3 cr.) S & H Survey of the art of the High Middle Ages from the eleventh through the fifteenth centuries, with an emphasis on architecture and sculpture in England, France, Germany, and Italy. A323 Illuminated Manuscripts in the Middle Ages: Form, Function, and Audience (3 cr.) A & H Starting with the invention of the codex in the first century, and continuing to the end of the Middle Ages, this course will investigate the tools, methods, and inspiration behind the creation of medieval manuscripts. Lectures will survey the most important types of manuscripts and schools of manuscript illumination, as well as their audiences. A324 The Gothic Cathedral (3 cr.) This course surveys the development of one of the most important cultural institutions of the Medieval era, the Gothic cathedral. A study of the Gothic cathedral provides an ideal jumping-off point to examine the most important trends of the twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth centuries. The cathedral became the most important innovating force in Europe, leading the way in the development of architecture and the visual arts, as well as education and music. The centrality of the cathedral in the later medieval world reflects a fundamental change in the structure of medieval society, which changed from being primarily rural to urban in the course of only a century. A325 Medieval Architecture (3 cr.) S & H A survey of architecture from the early Christian period to the Renaissance, combining a consideration of the historical aspects of building in economic terms, the planning and execution of monuments, and the question of style in architecture. A329 Topics in Medieval Art (3 cr.) A & H Special topics in the history and study of Medieval art. May be repeated for a total of 6 credits. A421 Early Christian Art (4 cr.) S & H Intensive analysis of major monuments of Christian art from its origins to the seventh century in both the Latin West and the Greek East. A423 Romanesque Art (4 cr.) S & H Intensive analysis of the art of the eleventh and twelfth centuries. Emphasis on architecture and sculpture of England, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. A424 Gothic Art (4 cr.) S & H Origins and development of the architecture, sculpture, and painting of the Gothic period, from the twelfth to the fifteenth century in England, France, Germany, and Italy. Emphasis on the cathedral. A425 Byzantine Art (4 cr.) S & H P: A101 or consent of instructor. The development of Byzantine art and architecture from the seventh to fifteenth century, including Russia, Serbia, and Italy. A426 The Medieval City (4 cr.) S & H This course will examine the cities of Western Europe and the Islamic and Byzantine worlds from the perspective of the institutions of the city and the art and architecture they generated, including houses, fortifications, churches, town halls, guild halls, and markets. Medieval representations of the city also will be explored. Renaissance and Baroque Art A231 The Age of Giants: Art in the Time of Leonardo and Michelangelo (3cr.) A & H, CSA Italian painting and sculpture in the time of Leonardo da Vinci (1452&#8211;1519) and Michelangelo Buonarroti (1475&#8211;1564), whose accomplishments represent what S. J. Freedberg has called the "most extraordinary intersection of genius art history has known." Besides an overview of Italian High Renaissance art, major topics to be addressed include the rivalrybetween Leonardo and Michelangelo, Leonardo's notebooks, and the reception of both artists' works in later centuries. A233 Renaissance and Baroque Art in Italy 1250&#8211;1700 (3 cr.) S & H, CSA Survey of the major artists and monuments in Italy 1250&#8211;1700. Painting, sculpture, and architecture in Florence, Venice, and Rome will be given particular attention. A234 Renaissance Florence (3 cr.) A & H, CSA A survey of the interrelationships between Florentine artistic and literary culture between 1300 and 1530. Major emphasis on Boccaccio, Giotto, Masaccio, Donatello, Lorenzo d&eacute; Medici, Leonardo da Vinci, Guicciardini, Machiavelli, and Michelangelo. A330 Art of Renaissance and Baroque (3 cr.) S & H P: A102 or permission of instructor. Special topics in the history and study of Renaissance and Baroque art. May be repeated with different topics for a maximum of 6 credit hours. A331 Fourteenth- and Fifteenth-Century Art in Italy (3 cr.) S & H Survey of painting, sculpture, and architecture. A332 Sixteenth- and Seventeenth-Century Art in Southern Europe (3 cr.) S&H P: A102. Beginnings of baroque style and the pictorial traditions, which spread from Italy to Spain and France. A333 From Van Eyck to Vermeer (3 cr.) S & H R: A101, A102, or consent of instructor. Survey of major artists and themes in Netherlandish painting from the fifteenth to the seventeenth century. A334 High Renaissance and Mannerism: Italian Art, 1490&#8211;1590 (3 cr.) S & H Painting, sculpture, and architecture in Italy, 1490&#8211;1590. Course work and lectures will center around the works of major artists active in Florence, Rome, and Venice (such as Michelangelo, Raphael, and Titian). Students will learn to analyze art critically in relation to its socioeconomic and religious context. A335 Baroque Art in Italy, 1580&#8211;1700 (3 cr.) S & H Sculpture, painting, and architecture in Italy, 1580&#8211;1700. Development of baroque style from the late sixteenth century through the period of the High Baroque in Rome, Florence, and Venice in the mid- to late -seventeenth century. Lectures, readings, and discussions will be centered around questions of stylistic progression, and the influence of patrons, socioeconomic conditions, and religion on artistic practice. A337 Age of Rubens and Rembrandt (3 cr.) S & H, CSA P: A102. Baroque art in northern Europe of the sixteenth and seventeenth century, emphasizing the art and culture of the Netherlands. A432 Italian Art of the 16th Century (4 cr.) Investigates art in Italy during one of its most important centuries. Focuses on the artists of central Italy including such luminaries as Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael, and Michelangelo. Examines the puzzling phenomenon of mannerism (Pontormo, Rosso, Bronzino, Parmigianino) and the warm, painterly naturalism of Venice (Giorgione, Titian). A436 Italian Art of the Fifteenth Century (4 cr.) S & H Major artists and stylistic trends of fifteenth-century Italy. Special attention to Tuscan painting and sculpture and to the works of Masaccio, Ghiberti, and Donatello. A437 Early Netherlandish Painting (4 cr.) S & H Flemish, French, and German painting of the fifteenth century. Art of the Modern World A340 Topics in Modern Art (3 cr.) Special topics in the history and study of nineteenth- and twentieth-century European and American art. May be repeated with different topics for a maximum of 6 credits. Credit given for only one of A350 and A340. A341 Nineteenth-Century European Art (3 cr.) S & H P: A102. Survey of major artists and styles in painting and sculpture from c. 1770 to 1900, emphasizing developments in France, England, and Germany. Topics include neoclassicism, romanticism, realism, impressionism, and post-impressionism. A342 Twentieth-Century Art (3 cr.) S & H, CSB P: A102. R: A341. Survey of major artists, styles, and movements in painting and sculpture from 1900 to the present in Europe and the United States. Topics include expressionism, cubism, futurism, dada, surrealism, and abstraction. A345 American Art to 1913 (3 cr.) S & H American architecture, sculpture, painting, photography, and graphics from seventeenth century to the Armory Show of 1913. A346 Roots and Revolution: Early Twentieth-Century Mexican Art (3 cr.) A&H, CSA Critical analysis of painting, printmaking, and photography of Mexico from 1890 to 1950 in terms of political and cultural phenomena. A347 Picasso (3 cr.) A & H A survey of the different phases of Picasso's career, the artistic milieu in which he worked, and the critical approaches that have been taken to his art. A348 American Architecture (3 cr.) A & H P: A102 or permission of instructor. A survey of American architecture from the colonial period to the late twentieth century, including public, commercial, and domestic design, with emphasis on historical context and the role of architecture as signifier of social, cultural, and political ideologies. A349 Dada and Surrealism (3 cr.) A & H An examination of the Dada Surrealism project, in particular the critique of established forms of art making; also the historical background, intellectual sources, and social and political goals of the two movements. A440 Nineteenth-Century Painting I (4 cr.) CSB P: Any 300-level course in art history or consent of instructor. A thematic look at neoclassical and romantic art throughout Europe. A441 Nineteenth-Century Painting II (4 cr.) CSB P: Any 300-level course in art history or consent of instructor. Major European painters and artistic movements, particularly in France, with some coverage of the United States. Focus on cultural and intellectual milieu of each artist. A442 Twentieth-Century Art, 1900&#8211;1924 (4 cr.) CSB P: A341, A342 or permission of the instructor. European artists and art movements of the first part of the twentieth century: Matisse, Picasso, cubism, and futurism, German expressionism, Dada, constructivism, the Bauhaus. Focus primarily on painting with some attention to sculpture, architecture, and design, with emphasis on the central concepts of modernism and the avant-garde. A443 History of 20th-Century Photography (4 cr.) S & H Surveys twentieth-century photography as a medium of art and communication. Considers portraiture, landscape, still life, the nude, conceptual photography, the social documentary tradition, the magazine picture story, fashion, advertising, and war photography. Examines the impact of postmodem theories on photographic practice and the understanding of photography. A445 American Art to 1860 (4 cr.) P: A341, A342, or consent of instructor. History of art in the United States from the colonial period to the eve of the Civil War. A446 American Art, 1860&#8211;1900 (4 cr.) P: A341, A342, or consent of instructor. History of art in the United States from the end of the Civil War to the turn of the twentieth century. A447 Modernism and Anti-Modernism in American Art, 1900&#8211;1945 (4 cr.) A&H P: A341, A342, or permission of instructor. A survey of American painting, sculpture, photography, design, and commercial art in the early Modem period. Topics include the urban realism of the "Ash Can School"; the early avant-garde; New York Dada; the cult of the machine; regionalist painting and the American heartland; the expressionist landscape; and surrealism, American style. A449 Twentieth-Century Art, 1925&#8211;1970 (4 cr.) P: A342 or A442. Painting, sculpture, and architecture 1925&#8211;1970. Main emphasis will be on American developments, including necessary historic background from the Armory Show to migration of surrealism, abstract expressionism, op, pop, minimal, and kinetic art. A world view of architecture will cover such topics as international style and new brutalism. A450 History of Photography (4 cr.) P: A341 or A342 or permission of instructor. Surveys the history of photography from its beginning to the mid-twentieth century, with focus on theoretical issues as well as the cultural and social contexts of photography and its practices. A480 Russian Art (3 cr.) S & H, CSA R: One Russian history course or art history course. Russian art from the twelfth century to the present. Emphasis on the period 1850 to the present: realism, the Slavic revival, symbolism, constructivism, and socialist realism. Islamic Art A327 Survey of Islamic Art (3 cr.) S & H, CSA Architecture, sculpture, and painting of Islam from its origins in the Fertile Crescent to the nineteenth century. A489 Topics in Islamic Art (4 cr.) Special topics in the history and study of Islamic art. May be repeated with a different topic for a maximum of 8 credit hours. Art of Africa, Oceania, and Pre-Columbian America A250 Introduction to African Art (3 cr.) A & H, CSA African art in its cultural setting. Major style areas: prehistoric Nok culture, kingdoms of Ife and Benin, Western Sudan, Guinea Coast, equatorial forests, Congo, eastern and southern Africa. A350 Topics in African, Oceanic, and Pre-Columbian American Art (3 cr.) Special topics in the history and study of African, Oceanic, and Pre-Columbian American art. May be repeated with different topics for a maximum of 6 credit hours. Credit given for only one of A340 or A350. A351 Art of the South Pacific (3 cr.) S & H, CSA A one-semester survey of the visual art traditions of Australia and the South Pacific Island groups of Polynesia, Micronesia, and Melanesia. Focus on style regions, individual island styles, and the cultural and historical contexts of objects. Emphasis on traditional arts, but contemporary forms will also be discussed. A352 Art of Eastern and Southern Africa (3 cr.) S & H, CSA A one-semester survey of visual arts, traditions of eastern and southern Africa, examining architecture, personal arts of the body and household, religious arts, and contemporary painting and sculpture. Emphasis on the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, but some earlier traditions, such as Ethiopian Christian art and Swahili architecture, are also discussed. A356 Art of Central Africa (3 cr.) A & H, CSA Analysis of visual art traditions of central Africa, focusing primarily on the Democratic Republic of the Congo, but also including art from Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Central African Republic, and Angola. A452 Art of Pre-Columbian America (3&#8211;4 cr.) S & H, CSA Survey of precontact arts of the Americas south of the Rio Grande. Emphasis on sculptural, architectural, and ceramic arts of ancient Mexico and Peru. A453 Art of Sub-Saharan Africa I: Arts of Africa's Western Sudan (4 cr.) S&H, CSA Analysis of visual art traditions of West Africa, focusing primarily on the peoples of the Western Sudan and including the area from northern Nigeria to Senegal. Emphasis on the concepts and themes that give the art its beauty, power, and social relevance for the peoples who use it. A454 Art of Sub-Saharan Africa II: Arts of the West African Coast (4 cr.) S&H, CSA Analysis of visual art traditions of West Africa, focusing primarily on the peoples of the Atlantic coast from Nigeria to the Republic of Guinea. Emphasis on the concepts and themes that give the art its beauty, power, and social relevance for the peoples who use it. A455 Art, Craft, and Technology in Sub-Saharan Africa (4 cr.) CSA History of arts of utility with emphasis on their technological and contextual setting. A458 Topics in the Ethnographic Arts (3 cr.) S & H Specific themes of particular interest in the ethnographic arts. Topics will be based on art categories (such as textiles and music) or geographic areas (such as new developments in the study of central Bantu initiation arts). May be repeated once with a different topic for a maximum of 6 credit hours. Asian Art A262 Introduction to Japanese Art and Culture (3 cr.) S & H, CSA A historical survey of Japanese art in the context of culture, society, and politics; the arts of traditional Buddhism; ink painting and other arts associated with the Zen sect; the created landscape, in painting and garden design; historical narratives and scenes of ordinary life; and decorative and useful things, e.g., ceramics, lacquer, textiles, and "golden screens." Credit given for only one of A262 or A362. A360 Topics in East Asian Art (3 cr.) A & H, CSA Topics vary; each is focused on a specific aspect or issue in East Asian art, studied in the context of social and intellectual history. May be repeated for a total of 9 hours of credit with different topics. A464 Art and Archaeology of Early China (4 cr.) S & H, CSA The arts of China from Neolithic times through the T'ang Dynasty (618&#8211;906 A.D.): prehistoric ceramics, ritual bronzes, jades, animal sculpture, Buddhist art, and early pictorial art. Particular attention will be paid to major archaeological discoveries, and the material will be discussed in the context of the development of Chinese culture and civilization. A466 Early Chinese Painting (4 cr.) S & H, CSA Chinese painting and pictorial art from the Bronze Age to the end of the Sung dynasty (A.D. 1279): tomb paintings and reliefs, Buddhist cave paintings, courtly art and imperial patronage, and landscapes. Materials and techniques, art theory, and the relationship between painting and calligraphy will also be considered. A467 Later Chinese Painting (4 cr.) S & H, CSA Chinese painting from the Yuan dynasty (A.D.1279&#8211;1368) to the twentieth century: the emergence, development, and interaction of diverse painting schools; amateurs and professionals, regional styles, political and social contexts, the role of patronage and collecting, and art theory and criticism. Art Theory A276 Eye of the Beholder: Art and Perception (3 cr.) A & H Introduction to the philosophy and psychology of perception as they are related to Western art theory and criticism from Plato to the present. A471 Art Theory I (4 cr.) A & H Art theory from antiquity through the thirteenth century. Topics include Classical Greek and Roman art theory/early Christian art theory, or Medieval art theory: East and West. May be repeated with a different topic for a maximum of 8 credit hours. A472 Art Theory II (4 cr.) A & H Art theory of the late Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Topics include fourteenth- and early-fifteenth century art theory in Italy and fifteenth-century art theory in Florence. May be repeated with a different topic for a maximum of 8 credits. A473 Art Theory III (4 cr.) A & H Art theory of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. Topics include eighteenth-century background in romanticism; England and Germany or classicism and romanticism; 1750&#8211;1850 England and France. May be repeated once with a different topic for a maximum of 8 credit hours. A474 Art Theory IV (4 cr.) A & H Art theory of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Topics include romanticism-realism in France, Baudelaire and romantic theory in France, nineteenth-century German art theory, or late-nineteenth-century French art theory. May be repeated once with a different topic for a maximum of 8 credit hours. General A300 Topics in Art History (3 cr.) R: FINA A102. Specialized topics in the study of art history. May be repeated with different topics for a total of 6 credit hours. A372 History of Portraiture (3 cr.) S & H Interpretive analysis of portraiture from ancient Egypt to the seventeenth century in western Europe. A390 Museum Studies I: Methods, History, Issues (3 cr.) Introduction to basic workings of an art museum: the history of museums, collection management, cataloging of objects. The course works closely with the IU Art Museum and its staff and, where applicable, with staff from other museums nearby. A391 Museum Studies II: Museum Exhibitions (3 cr.) Exhibitions in art museums: conception and development, budget, funding, catalogue writing and production, education and publicity. Students work with a chosen group of museum objects, normally at least partly from the IU Art Museum; the group of objects varies by course topic. Students will receive practical experience by involvement in all aspects of exhibition preparation. A396 Foreign Study in History of Art (1&#8211;9 cr.) Intended only for students participating in IU Overseas Study Program; all fine arts majors are required to obtain prior approval from undergraduate history of art advisor. May be repeated for a total of 9 credit hours. Y398 Professional Practice in Fine Arts (1&#8211;6 cr.) P: Junior standing, approval of the undergraduate advisor. Supervised, career-related work experience in a cooperating institution, agency, or business. Evaluation by employer and the undergraduate advisor. Does not count toward distribution or fine arts requirements. A maximum of 6 credit hours may be earned in Y398. A400 Senior Seminar (4 cr.) Intensive examination of selected topics in art history. Open only to art history majors or with consent of instructor. May be repeated once with a different topic. A476 History of Print (4 cr.) S & H History of printmaking from the earliest woodcuts and engravings (c. 1400) through the revival of wood engraving and the invention of lithography around 1800. Study of history of printmaking processes and the function of prints, the development of graphic conventions, and the styles of individual masters such as Dürer, Glotzius, Rembrandt, Goya, etc. A481 The Worlds of Art History: Academic, Museum, Commercial (4 cr.) P: Art history juniors and seniors. An introduction for art history majors to the three main realms of the professional art historian: academia (colleges and universities), museums, and commerce (galleries, auction houses, appraisal, and corporate work). Exploration of the various ways in which art historical skills and knowledge prepare one for interesting and rewarding careers. Field trips required. A490 Topics in Art History (4 cr., 12 cr. max.) P: Senior or graduate standing or consent of instructor. Topic varies with the instructor and year and will be listed in the online Schedule of Classes . May be repeated twice for credit with different topics. A495 Readings and Research in Art History (1&#8211;4 cr., 8 cr. max.) P: Consent of instructor. May be repeated for a total of 8 credit hours. A499 Senior Honors Thesis (4 cr.) P: Approval of departmental honors committee. Studio Introductory Courses F100 Fundamental Studio&#8212;Drawing (3 cr.) A & H Development of visual awareness and coordination of perceptual and manual skills; seeing, representing, and inventing on an experimental, exploratory level in twodimensions. Includes placement, scale, volume, light, formal articulation, and investigations of graphic tools and media. F101 Fundamental Studio&#8212;3D (3 cr.) A & H Volume, space, material, and physical force studies provide the basis for exploration of three-dimensional form; includes carving, construction, and modeling, using wood, plaster, clay, etc. F102 Fundamental Studio&#8212;2D (3 cr.) A & H Color, shape, line, and value structures are studied as the basis for exploration of two-dimensional spatial relationships; includes investigation of conventional and invented tools and media. N110 Introduction to Studio Art for Nonmajors (3 cr.) A & H Introduces nonmajors to the elements and principles of visual language. Students will explore drawing, two-dimensional and three-dimensional design. Development of compositional skills that will result in a more sensitive visual aesthetic and sensibility. For nonmajors who are exploring practice in the visual arts. Ceramics S260 Ceramics I (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, and F102. A limited introduction to handbuilding, throwing, glaze mixing, and glaze application, including lectures on basic ceramic techniques. Critiques of student work. S361 Ceramics II (3 cr.) A & H P: S260. Continued practice in forming and glazing, with the emphasis on wheel throwing, surface decoration, and kiln firing techniques. Lectures and critiques. May be repeated once. S461 Ceramics III (cr. arr.) P: 6 credit hours in ceramics or consent of the instructor. Further practice in ceramic techniques. Lectures and critiques. Topics vary with the instructor and/ or year. Consult the online Schedule of Classes for current information on content. May be repeated for credit with different topics and instructor for a total of 20 credit hours. S462 B.F.A. Ceramics (cr. arr.) P: Consent of the instructor. Continuing opportunity for extensive practice in ceramic studio techniques. Body preparation. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S469 B.F.A. Ceramics Seminar (1 cr.) P: Admission to the B.F.A. program in ceramics. Discussions, critiques, and research projects in ceramic art. Required each semester for B.F.A. candidates in ceramics. May be repeated for a total of 10 credit hours. R478 History of Ceramics (3 cr.) Study of the history of ceramics of the world, covering Near Eastern, Greek, Chinese, Japanese, and American ceramics. Emphasis on the historical development of pottery and individual cultures, as well as how one culture's pottery has influenced another. No credit in history of art. Digital Art N130 Digital Imagery for Nonmajors (3 cr.) Lecture course introduces nonmajors to the fundamental practice of creating art imagery using digital software. Demonstrations and optional hands-on lab sessions emphasize technical production in Photoshop and Illustrator. Art projects created in Photoshop and lecture topics focus on aesthetic approaches and issues facing artists working in contemporary digital imaging. D210 Digital Art: Survey and Practice (3 cr.) A & H Beginning class on digital media's role in the world of art production and reception. Class emphasizes learning to use digital media to produce original, creative art work. Topics include digital imaging, communicative art, and interactivity. Credit given for only one of D210 or T230. D310 Interactive Multimedia (3 cr.) P: D210 or T230, and portfolio review. A study of the principles and fundamental techniques for creating multimedia projects that explore their potential for critical artistic expression. The course will examine issues specific to onscreen interaction and time-based media. Tools such as Flash, Dreamweaver, and other supporting programs will be covered. Credit given for only one of D310 or T330. D317 Video Art (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101 or F102 or D210, or portfolio review. Exploration of the medium of video as an aesthetic expression. Time and sound are elements incorporated into visual composition's traditional concerns. Emphasis on technical command of video camera and digital editing procedures in conjunction with development of a visual sensitivity. Readings and a research project are required. Credit given for only one of D317 or T320. D318 3D Computer Graphics (3 cr.) P: Consent of the instructor. Hands-on studio course exploring the technical development of three-dimensional computer graphics for state-of-the-art display systems. Students will investigate user-interface design, create 3D graphical environments, and explore the parallel drives toward content creation and visual aesthetics. Credit given for only one of D318 or T340. D410 Advanced Multimedia (1&#8211;6 cr.) P: D310 or T330, and permission of instructor. A broad range of aesthetic and conceptual issues related to digital material and electronic interactivity. Students are encouraged to develop art projects using digital multimedia, video, hypertext, or the incorporation of object-based media. Dialogue of timely issues through readings, screenings, Web sites, and gallery visits. May be repeated for a combined maximum of 20 credit hours in D410 and T430. D411 B.F.A. Digital Art Seminar (1 cr.) P: Admission into the B.F.A. program in digital art. Weekly or biweekly seminar that includes critiques of student work, discussion of special topics, assigned readings, multimedia lectures, visiting artist lectures, and special research projects. May be repeated for a maximum of 10 credit hours. D412 B.F.A. Digital Art (1&#8211;6 cr.) P: Admission into the B.F.A. program in digital art. Directed, advanced study and production of a body of work leading to B.F.A. exhibition. Students meet independently with instructor and in group critiques to maintain a dialogue and provide technical advice. May be repeated for a maximum of 60 credit hours. D417 Digital Video (1&#8211;6 cr.) P: D317 or T320. Advanced study of video's potential in contemporary fine art practice. Students will create a new visual vocabulary using the latest technology including high-definition video systems and interactive DVD authoring. Covers special effects and animation programs that allow artists to further explore the aesthetics of time-based media. May be repeated for a combined maximum of 20 credit hours in D417 and T420. D418 Computer Graphical Environments (1&#8211;6 cr.) P: Consent of instructor. Students develop 3D graphic environments to visualize and conceptualize creative constructs for virtual environments, explore art and spatial simulation, including animation, interaction, lighting, and design. Dialogue of timely issues is encouraged based on readings, videos, CD ROMs and visits to galleries, Web sites and alternative spaces. May be repeated for a combined maximum of 20 credit hours in D418 and T440. D419 Special Topics in Digital Art (3 cr.) P: D210 or T230, and permission of instructor. Special topics in computer-related art production. May be repeated for a combined maximum of 6 credit hours in D419 and T338. T439 Advanced Digital Media Project (2&#8211;6 cr.) Independent project of digital media under the supervision and consultation of the instructor. May be repeated for a maximum of 12 credit hours. Drawing S200 Drawing I (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, and F102. Preliminary course for advancement in drawing, stressing basic visual awareness; seeing, representing, and technical command on a two-dimensional surface. Problems in handling placement, scale, space, volume, light, and formal articulation. S301 Drawing II (3 cr.) A & H P: S200. Intermediate course in drawing from the model and other sources. Emphasis on technical command of the media in conjunction with the development of a visual awareness. Continued problems in the articulation of space, scale, volume, value, and linear sensitivity. May be repeated once. S401 Drawing III (cr. arr.) P: S301. Advanced drawing. Continuation of S301. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S403 Anatomy for the Artist (3 cr.) P: F100, S200. Intensive lecture/studio course describing all of the bones and muscles of the body. The emphasis is on joint movement and proportion. The areas of the body are divided into 3D mass conception, bone and muscle description, and joint description. Students draw from the skeleton, plaster cadaver casts, and the human figure. S405 B.F.A. Drawing (cr. arr.) Concentrated tutorial in the drawing craft. Craftsmanship, content, and personal style are stressed. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. Textiles S220 Textile Design I (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, and F102, or consent of instructor. An introduction to image making with fiber processes. This survey course investigates a variety of materials and processes with the emphasis on their expressive potential. The surface design techniques include textile printing with stamps and solid and resist dyed techniques. Constructed techniques include loom weaving and hand-manipulated fiber structures. S321 Textile Design II&#8212;Woven and Constructed (3 cr.) A & H P: S220. An exploration of constructed textiles using loom and non-loom techniques. Students will have the opportunity to explore and master several techniques in depth and investigate the creative potential of each. Specific technique and project choices, selected from a broad range of historical and contemporary approaches, will be presented each semester. May be repeated for a maximum of 6 credit hours. S325 Textile Design II&#8212;Printed and Dyed (3 cr.) A & H P: S220. An exploration of methods of applying dyes and pigments in pre-woven cloth with emphasis on the development of personal images. Specific projects, changing each semester, will offer new approaches to applying color, texture, and construction to fabric. Students will have the opportunity to explore and master several techniques in depth and to investigate the potential of each. May be repeated once for credit. S412 B.F.A. Printed and Dyed Textile Design (cr. arr.) Directed study in textiles. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S421 Textile Design III&#8212;Woven and Constructed (cr. arr.) P: S321. A continued exploration of woven and constructed textiles with an emphasis on independent investigation and production. May be repeated for a maximum of 20 credit hours. S422 B.F.A Textile Design (cr. arr.) Directed intensive study in textile design. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S425 Textile Design III&#8212;Printed and Dyed (cr. arr.) P: S325. A continued exploration of printed and dyed textiles with an emphasis on independent investigation and production. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. Graphic Design S250 Introduction to Design Practice (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, F102. Drawing andperception in the history and practice of visual communication, including a basic introduction to the field and exercises with pencil, marker, computer, and other tools, to produce symbols, letter forms, and symbol-letter combinations. S351 Typography and the Integration of Imagery (3 cr.) A & H P: S250 and consent of instructor. Studies in visual communication concentrating on typography as it relates to other design elements in practical design application. Processes include idea development and computer refinement. S352 Production for the Graphic Designer (3 cr.) A & H P: S351 and consent of instructor. A thorough set of practical exercises that combine design projects with related information about both presentation of ideas and printing of finished designs. S451 Graphic Design Problem Solving (cr. arr.) P: S352 and consent of instructor. Professional problem solving in graphic design. Using a variety of mediums to communicate messages, students apply processes from printing to multimedia as appropriate for directed projects. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S452 B.F.A. Graphic Design (cr. arr.) Directed, advanced study in graphic design. See description of B.F.A. program for studio majors. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S455 Practice and History of Graphic Design (3 cr.) P: S250, S351, S352, and consent of instructor. Examines the history of graphic design with a focus on Western Civilization and comparisons to other cultures. Design projects and reports by students provide graphic design experience and reflection on the historical topics covered. S459 Graphic Design Advanced Seminar: Topics in History, Theory, and Criticism (3 cr.) P: FINA S352 and permission of instructor. Background on major graphic design movements, the design of the alphabet and type styles, the use of tools (printing press, wood cut, engraving, camera, airbrush, computer). Social and political forces such as industrial development and nationalism will be considered. Writings of theorists and historians will be reviewed. Recommended for B.F.A. students in graphic design. May be repeated for a total of 12 credit hours. Metalsmithing and Jewelry Design S280 Metalsmithing and Jewelry Design I (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, and F102, or consent of instructor. Introductory course for exploring metalworking and jewelry design as a serious form of creative expression. Focuses on the basic techniques of piercing of metals, soldering, sheet metal construction, surface embellishment, mechanical joining, wire forming and forging, stretching of sheet metals, and various metal finishing techniques. S381 Metalsmithing and Jewelry Design II (3 cr.) A & H P: S280 Extensive drawing, designing, and model making for exploring forms and ideas in metal and mixed media, either as jewelry, hollow ware, flatware, boxes, or small-scale sculpture. Focuses on techniques of angle raising, repouss&eacute; and chasing, forging of flatware, stone setting, and lost-wax casting. May be repeated for a maximum of 6 credithours. S481 Metalsmithing and Jewelry Design III (cr. arr.) P: S381. Improves and expands knowledge and skill in metalsmithing and jewelry design. Advanced techniques include patination of metals, surface embellishments, stone setting, chain making, and advance metal finishing. Guidance toward developing a personal artistic aesthetic and philosophy. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S482 B.F.A. Metalsmithing and Jewelry Design (cr. arr.) P: B.F.A. major, formal review of work. Directed study in metal leading to the development of a professional portfolio and a B.F.A. exhibition. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S485 B.F.A. Metalsmithing Seminar (1 cr.) P: B.F.A. major. Weekly or biweekly seminar that includes critiques of students' work, discussion of special topics, slide lectures, technical demonstrations, visiting artistlectures, and special research projects. May be repeated for a total of 10 credit hours. Painting S230 Painting I (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, and F102. Preliminary course for advancement in painting; exploring technical and visual aspects of color media. Emphasis on media command and structural problems in painting. Media: oil and acrylics. S331 Painting II (3 cr.) A & H P: S230. Intermediate course in painting from the model and other sources. Emphasis on technical command and understanding of the components of painting space, color, volume, value, and scale. Media: oil or acrylics. May be repeated once. S431 Painting III (cr. arr.) P: S331. Advanced course in painting. Continuation of S331. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S432 B.F.A. Painting (cr. arr.) P: S431. Concentrated studio projects within the framework of the B.F.A. painting program. (See description of the B.F.A. program.) May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S439 B.F.A. Painting Seminar (1 cr.) Advanced study in painting. Weekly review of student work with attention to content, craftsmanship, intent, and resources. Periodic discussions of art history with slide material to illustrate painting problems and concepts. Group participation stressed. Open to B.F.A. painters only. May be repeated for a total of 10 credit hours. Photography N198 Introduction to Photography for Nonmajors (3 cr.) A & H For those who use automatic and snapshot cameras but do not require darkroom expertise. Covers basic camera operation, film choice, composition, color, lighting, visual communication, and aesthetics. Considers journalism, commercial, and fine art photography. Also discusses home video and new imaging technology. A 35mm camera required. Assignments completed on slide film. S291 Fundamentals of Photography (3 cr.) A & H Basic practice of camera operation, exposure calculation, exposing, printing, and enlarging monochrome photographs. Guidance toward establishment of a personal photographic aesthetic. S392 Intermediate Photography (3 cr.) A & H P: S291 or consent of instructor. Practice of black-and-white photography: camera work, darkroom practices, appreciation of photographs, and experience in expressive use of the medium. S490 Advanced Photography I (3 cr.) P: S392 and consent of instructor. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S491 Advanced Photography II (cr. arr.) P: S392 and consent of instructor. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S492 B.F.A. Photography (cr. arr.) May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. Printmaking S240 Basic Printmaking Media (3 cr.) A & H P: F100, F101, and F102; or consent of instructor. Introduction to printmaking. Emphasis on three basic media: intaglio, lithography, and silk screen. Problems in pictorial composition and drawing. Study of the interrelationships of all graphic media. S341 Printmaking II&#8212;Intaglio (3 cr.) A & H P: S240. Advanced study with emphasis on intaglio. Problems in pictorial composition and drawing stressed. S343 Printmaking II&#8212;Lithography (3 cr.) A & H P: S240. Advanced study with emphasis on lithography. Problems in pictorial composition and drawing stressed. S344 Printmaking II&#8212;Silk Screen (3 cr.) A & H P: S240. Advanced study with emphasis on silk screen. Problems in pictorial composition and drawing stressed. S441 Printmaking III&#8212;Intaglio (cr. arr.) P: S341. Advanced work in intaglio forqualified students. This course is also open for non-M.F.A. printmaking students on the graduate level. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S442 B.F.A. Printmaking (cr. arr.) Directed study in printmaking. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S443 Printmaking III&#8212;Lithography (cr. arr.) P: S343. Advanced work in lithography for qualified students. Also open for non-M.F.A. printmaking students on the graduate level. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S444 Printmaking III&#8212;Silk Screen (cr. arr.) P: S344. Advanced work in silk screen for qualified students. Also open for non-M.F.A. printmaking students on the graduate level. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S445 Relief Printmaking Media (1&#8211;3 cr.) A & H P: S240 or consent of instructor. Relief printmaking media: woodcut, linocut, monotype, and collograph. Students create prints in each medium in both black-and-white and color using a variety of traditional and innovative techniques such as photo and the computer. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S449 B.F.A. Printmaking Seminar (1 cr.) P: Open to B.F.A. printmakers only. Required each semester. Special projects, critiques, and artists lectures, related to the field of printmaking. Historical, technical, and conceptual issues will be discussed. May be repeated with different topics for a total of 10 credit hours. Sculpture S270 Sculpture I (3 cr.) A & H P: F101. Foundation in basic technical and formal methods of traditional and contemporary sculpture. Use of tools and equipment for additive and subtractive techniques including wood construction, steel fabrication, clay modeling, plaster mold making and cold casting, and assemblage. Emphasis place on technical execution, conceptualization, and creative problem solving. S271 Introduction to Figurative Sculpture (3 cr.) A & H Figurative sculpture has been the traditional method of introducing students to form, space, and proportion in sculpture. Students work from the model with clay, creating sculpture from observation. S371 Sculpture II (3 cr.) A & H Development of skills in both traditional and contemporary sculpture methodology. Rotating semester topics include figurative sculpture, casting, steel/wood construction, installation art, and public art. Emphasis on the exploration of ideas through the sculptural form and knowledge of materials and historical traditions. May be repeated once. S471 Sculpture III (cr. arr.) Advanced work in sculpture for qualified students working in the chosen materials. The course focuses on the development of ideas as manifest in sculptural form. May be repeated for a total of 20 credit hours. S472 B.F.A. Sculpture (1&#8211;7 cr.) Production of a body of work reflecting the student's specific interests. Students meet independently with professor and in group critiques to maintain a dialogue and provide technical advice. Open to B.F.A. degree majors only. May be repeated for a total of 60 credit hours. S479 B.F.A. Sculpture Seminar (1 cr.) P: Admission into the B.F.A. sculpture program. Weekly critiques, assigned readings, discussions, slide lectures, and special research projects. May be repeated for a total of 10 credit hours. General G400 B.F.A. Final Review (no credit) Final portfolio review for B.F.A. program. U400 Sources and Resources: Professional Skills in Fine Arts (1&#8211;3 cr.) P: B.F.A. major or advanced B.A. studio art major. Focuses on building professional skills for careers in art. Seminar format will be structured to foster individual growth and insight in understanding both conceptual and practical concerns of choosing to be an artist. May be repeated with different topics for a total of 6 credit hours. U401 Special Topics in Studio Art (1&#8211;3 cr.) Selected topics in studio art not ordinarily covered in other departmental courses. May be repeated once with a different topic. U402 Technical Resources in Studio Art (1&#8211;3 cr.) Special aspects of studio training in the various disciplines focusing on technical and safety issues of equipment use and/or chemical substances. May include advanced aspects of technologies in studio areas and preparation for use of facilities in independent studio projects. May be repeated once with a different topic. R408 Contemporary Art Issues and Cultural Themes (3 cr.) Focus is on artwork from 1980 to the present. Historical references and cultural theory are considered to provoke thoughts about the intersections between art and culture. U450 Independent Studio Projects (cr. arr.; 12 cr. max.) Individual studio projects under guidance of faculty member or committee. Does not fulfill a specific course requirement for a fine arts major. Return to Top  Office of Creative Services Von Lee 319 517 East Kirkwood Avenue Bloomington, IN 47408-4060 Last updated: 27 August 2013 15 34 48 Submit Questions or Comments Copyright 2013The Trustees of Indiana University 