 Wonderwall on Facebook Better Bronzed? Do these celebs look better bronzed or pale? Vote now! View Gallery &raquo; Bad Words? Find out what Selena Gomez is saying about what came out of Taylor Swift's mouth at the VMAs ... Read Story &raquo; Change Of Heart Ricky Martin explains why discriminated against gay people before coming out. Plus, more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery &raquo; Become a Star! Impose your face on your favorite celeb red carpet look in Wonderwall's Herbal Essences Body Wash photo booth. See It &raquo; Week in Photos Katie Holmes films a movie scene in Ohio, plus more of your favorite stars this week in photos. View Gallery &raquo; Missing? Has Lamar Odom been missing for three days? Read Story &raquo; Back On! Jennifer Lawrence and Nicholas Hoult are back on! Get all the reunion scoop on Replay hosted by Wonderwall's Kirby Kristen. Watch Video &raquo; Romance Rumblings Rihanna's quality time with Drake gets the rumor mill going ... Read Story &raquo; Highs and Lows What are the most memorable tragedies and triumphs in LeAnn Rimes' life? Click to find out! View Gallery &raquo; 'Nother New 'Do Beyonce has changed her hair yet again! Check out her newest 'do. View Gallery &raquo; VMA Duos Who were the most stylish stars who coupled up in Brooklyn? Cast your vote! View Gallery &raquo; Sweet Mullet Rihanna actually pulls off a mullet, plus more proof that stars are nothing like us. View Gallery &raquo; Diana's Love Life Find out what Princess Diana's ex Hasnat Khan says about their romance in the new biopic, "Diana" ... Read Story &raquo; 2013 MTV VMAs Check out all your favorite celebs as they arrive at the Brooklyn show... View Gallery &raquo; Shock and Awe Don't worry -- celebrities were just as freaked out by Miley Cyrus' 2013 MTV VMA performance as you were. View Gallery &raquo; New Attitude Chris Brown hits Hawaii and has a change of heart about his community service on today's Celebs Gone Social. Watch Video &raquo; VMAs Backstage Check out JT, Miley, Lady Gaga and more celebs behind the scenes at the MTV awards show... View Gallery &raquo; VMAs Fashion Who rocked and who flopped at the Video Music Awards? View Gallery &raquo; Relationship Trouble? Get the latest on all the Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom news. View Gallery &raquo; Barf for Charity Liam Hemsworth makes money for charity by eating (and barfing up) 45 burgers, plus more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery &raquo; Hospitalized Singer Tyrese faints onstage at a club ... Read Story &raquo; Drug Deaths John Travolta speaks out about the drug-related fatalities in Hollywood ... Read Story &raquo; Summer Fun Mario Lopez hangs with his daughter, plus more stars at the beach. View Gallery &raquo; Shoplift Talk Forest Whitaker opens up about the time he was accused of stealing ... Read Story &raquo; VMA TwitPics Miley Cyrus snuggles a bear, Katy Perry gets comfy, and more celeb pics from the 2013 MTV VMAs! View Gallery &raquo; Highest Paid Find out how much money made Madonna land at No. 1 on the latest Forbes list ... Read Story &raquo; Back Together? Despite rumors of a reconciliation, Sarah "Fergie" Ferguson and Prince Andrew are not getting back together ... Read Story &raquo; First Tweet! 'N Sync joins Twitter one day before VMA reunion. Check out their first tweet ... Read Story &raquo; Unpaid Bills? Find out why Drake's former stylist has filed suit against the rapper ... Read Story &raquo; Week in Photos Stacy Keibler attends a private event, and more of your favorite celebs this week in photos! View Gallery &raquo; Kanye Can Smile! Kanye West gives a big (albeit strained) grin, plus more celeb TwitPics! View Gallery &raquo; Behind Bars Fat Joe is in jail. Find out for how long ... Read Story &raquo; Best & Worst VMA See some of the best and worst fashion from this year's nominees at previous VMAs. Watch Video &raquo; Celebs Without Makeup Check here to see celebrities without makeup at WONDERWALL LATINO! See It &raquo; Divorce Update Jane Lynch's ex is seeking spousal support ... Read Story &raquo; Name Revealed CaCee Cobb and Donald Faison reveal their son's name ... Read Story &raquo; Brooklyn Boy Jay-Z, Anne Hathaway and more stars from Brooklyn. View Gallery &raquo; Beach Bodies Check out this summer's hottest bikinis on WONDERWALL LATINO! See It &raquo; Canine Kisses Kristin Cavallari gets canine kisses, plus more adorable celebripets. View Gallery &raquo; Hot Or Not? Are these boy band members worthy of all the adoration they receive? Cast your vote! View Gallery &raquo; Lost Dog Found Jeremy Renner's lost dog has been found 190 miles from the actor's home! Read Story &raquo; Empty Stadium Head over to MSN Music to find out why Brandy reportedly walked off the stage in South Africa ... See It &raquo; Troublemakers Head over to The Daily Beast to check out "Real Housewives" who've gone bad. See It &raquo; Open Marriage? Are Kendra and Hank considering an open relationship? Head over to ET Online to find out! See It &raquo; Music on Hold Selena Gomez says plans to put her music career on hold to pursue acting ... Read Story &raquo; Twitter Rant Khloe Kardashian breaks her silence amid divorce rumors and goes on a Twitter rant ... Read Story &raquo; Intruder Jennifer Lopez had an unwelcome house guest in her Hamptons home. Read Story &raquo; Hamilton Arrested Singer Anthony Hamilton has been arrested ... Read Story &raquo; Cancer Free Dolly Parton shoots down rumors that she has cancer ... Read Story &raquo; Princess Peach Kim Kardashian wears a cute peach jumpsuit, plus more celebs in our favorite summer color! View Gallery &raquo; Straight Grillin' Which celebs are rich enough to be able to afford something as ludicrous as a gold or diamond grill? View Gallery &raquo; Wedding's Off! Kelly Clarkson has called off her wedding -- though the singer still plans to elope! Read Story &raquo; Bey in Brazil Check out the gorgeous photos Beyonce shared from her Brazilian tour on today's Celebs Gone Social. Watch Video &raquo; Fashion Offenders Julia Stiles, Sheryl Crow, and Rihanna all get an F on this week's Fashion Offenders Watch Video &raquo; VMA Finale Katy Perry is set to perform under the Brooklyn Bridge for the VMA finale ... Read Story &raquo; LOL Tweets Which 10 celebritweeters are cracking us up week? View Gallery &raquo; Big Reveal! Kanye West finally debuted a pic of his daughter North West on Kris Jenner's show ... View Gallery &raquo; Star Evicted? Corey Feldman's landlady files eviction papers against the actor ... Read Story &raquo; Co-Star Speaks Wentworth Miller's "Prison Break" co-star Dominic Purcell applauds Miller's decision to come out ... Read Story &raquo; Engaged! Get all the details of Taylor Armstrong's romantic engagement to John Bluher! Read Story &raquo; Dream Maker Get all the details on how Robert Pattinson secretly visited a kids' hospital this week ... Read Story &raquo; It's a Girl! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin welcome a baby girl. Keep reading for all of the details ... View Gallery &raquo; Hottie Chris Check out some of Chris Pine's sexiest looks. View Gallery &raquo; Movie Make Out Keep reading to find out about Robert Pattinson and Mia Wasikowska's on screen make out session ... Read Story &raquo; Twitter Rant Chris Brown launches an expletive-filled Twitter rant about the Los Angeles legal system. Read Story &raquo; Pregnant? Is Kelly Clarkson eloping because she's pregnant? Get the scoop... Read Story &raquo; No Cooking Victoria Beckham dishes on hubby David Beckham doing the cooking in the family. Read Story &raquo; Wardrobe Oops Find out what Toni Braxton had to say about her revealing on stage wardrobe malfunction ... Read Story &raquo; Marriage Worry? Find out what Khloe Kardashian is posting about amid intense split rumors on today's Celebs Gone Social. Watch Video &raquo; New 'Do Pregnant Jennifer Love Hewitt rocks a new 'do on the red carpet. Read Story &raquo; Stars Behind Bars Mark Wahlberg, Lindsay Lohan, Robert Downey Jr. and more stars who served time behind bars. View Gallery &raquo; Wife And Kids? Justin Bieber talks about settling down. Read his shocking statements ... Read Story &raquo; Accident Olivia Munn dislocates her shoulder. Click through to get the deets ... Read Story &raquo; Engagement Pic Kelly Clarkson tweets a new engagement pic! Head to ET Online to see the stunning photo ... See It &raquo; Single Again Eva Longoria is back on the market, plus more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery &raquo; We Don't Get It Musicians have some of the strangest outfits around. Here are 20 fashion choices that we just don't understand. View Gallery &raquo; VMA Hall of Shame From feathers to faux fur bikinis, check out the 30 worst VMA looks of all time. View Gallery &raquo; Dating Rumors Are Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel a new item? Get the details ... Read Story &raquo; Sweet 'Stache Adrian Grenier is a blast from the past, Rihanna's suddenly camera shy and more LOL pics. View Gallery &raquo; Funeral Guests Read on to find out who attended Gia Allemand's NYC funeral service after her tragic passing ... Read Story &raquo; Reunited The woman incubating the fruit of Simon Cowell's loins has winged to France for a reunion with him ... Read Story &raquo; R-Pattz Hater Robert Pattinson has some choice words about being called R-Pattz, plus more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery &raquo; Closing Act Will Katy Perry close out the 2013 MTV VMAs? Head over to Vulture to find out ... See It &raquo; Fight Lawsuit The videographer who was attacked by Kanye West is fighting back in court ... Read Story &raquo; Fizzy Yoga Kim Cattrall talks about her unique workout routine ... Read Story &raquo; Big Sale Found out how much moolah Melissa and Joe Gorga got for their New Jersey mansion ... Read Story &raquo; You've Got Bangs Check out Kelly Osbourne's latest hair style change ... View Gallery &raquo; Whose Gams? These are the 10 sexiest legs strutting around Hollywood. Think you know who they belong to? View Gallery &raquo; Gay Actor Wentworth Miller has come out of the closet. Find out why he did ... Read Story &raquo; Beach Days Check out your favorite star moms and their tots at the beach on WONDERWALL LATINO! See It &raquo;  Celebrity News, Photos & Gossip News Must See Photos Video Style Celebs a a Follow Wonderwall Follow on Tumblr  MSN Privacy Legal Advertise on MSN Media/PR Inquiries RSS About Our Ads Feedback Help &copy; 2013 Microsoft Microsoft BermanBraun  