 Cheap Car Insurance Quotes - Online Car Insurance Comparison for Drivers to find Cheap Car Insurance Rates for New and Used Cars Nationwide! Compare Auto Insurance Cheap Auto Insurance About Us  Blue Cross Auto Insurance Review Blue Cross is one half of the iconic Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield health insurance franchise, and it does not sell individual or corporate  auto insurance  policies of any kind. If you came here looking for information about auto insurance, I&#8217;m afraid you&#8217;re mistaken. You may have the wrong name and number.  However, you can consider health insurance to be a kind of auto insurance. If you get in a crash, your health insurance will cover any trips to the hospital or ER that you might incur as a result. Blue Cross offers a variety of health insurance plans that should serve you well, no matter what sort of situation you might encounter in your automobile adventures. Quotes Getting a Blue Cross auto insurance quote would be easy, if they offered auto insurance. Enter your ZIP code in our car insurance quote comparison tool and get numerous affordable car insurance quotes for FREE. You will be able to look at prices and policy details side by side and choose the best car insurance for your needs. If you need a Blue Cross health insurance quote, simply visit Blue Cross&#8217; website or franchise location or call the number below to get a quote on a single, family or children&#8217;s health plan. However, it is important to note that the majority of Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield insurance plans are provided through employers. If this is the case, you may not have access to Blue Cross quotes. Location The Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield headquarters is a good place to call or visit if you need to speak with corporate or management offices. They are located here:  Name: Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield Street: 225 North Michigan Avenue City: Chicago, IL 60601 Phone: (312) 297-6000 However, the organization consists of 39 separate health insurance companies , and there are literally thousands of regional and state locations around the USA. Each company runs its own franchise and has a separate corporate office. You will likely want to call or visit one of the many regional or local offices in your area. Each state may have its own Blue Cross headquarters, but if you live in a smaller or less populated state, you may have to cross state lines to visit a headquarters. Use your phone book or look them up online to find the Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield location and phone number closest to you. Claims Let&#8217;s say you&#8217;re in an auto accident. You may be worried about making an insurance claim to receive compensation for time spent in the ER or hospital. However, with Blue Cross insurance, all you need to do is pay a $50-75 co-pay for each hospital transaction. You will never even see the hospital bill, which Blue Cross handles direction with the hospital. This is unlike standard auto insurance, with which you need to claim and sign off on every dollar you pay and receive. Claims are filed by your doctor, clinic or hospital rather than by you, and direct payments are made to the filers. Some critics say that this is why health care costs are so high. The free market is removed from the health care system. Insurance providers determine your premium costs based on their health care costs, and doctors determine their health care costs based on how much they want to make. Both people involved in the transaction have an interest in high costs, so costs just keep going up. Agents Every Blue Cross member company uses a different agent system. Some use a direct-to-customer model, while others utilize a network of local agents in the field. Some use a combination of both. The majority of Blue Cross member companies, however, prefer the direct-to-customer model, where insurance office workers communicate directly with customers. This is because most Blue Cross customers are actually businesses, and local agents tend to be less efficient and more suited to individual health and auto insurance policies. Other Random Info (History, Etc.) Blue Cross was founded in 1929 to provide coverage for teachers at Baylor University in Waco, near Dallas, TX. It eventually caught on, and other groups of workers in Dallas began paying for Blue Cross coverage insurance as well.  Within 20 years of its inception, Blue Cross had expanded across the entire United States. The initial cost of Blue Cross health insurance was $6 per year. Blue Shield provided health insurance to California mining workers in the 1930s Blue Cross and Blue Shield formed national associations in 1960 and 1948, respectively. Blue Cross and Blue Shield merged into a single association, Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield, in 1982. Both associations were originally tax-exempt non-profit organizations. This status was revoked in 1986 when the merged organization started selling for-profit insurance policies. The best way to get an auto insurance quote is to compare different insurance providers&#8217; prices. While Blue Cross doesn&#8217;t offer auto insurance, there are many other providers in your area who do. Compare car insurance quotes for FREE by entering your ZIP code in our car insurance comparison tool.  Search for Previous Post Hastings Mutual Auto Insurance Review Next Post Zenith Auto Insurance Review Fatal error : Call to undefined function related_posts() in /home/aic1f3dy/public_html/wp-content/themes/aperture/single.php on line 112 