 Free Shipping on Everything! It's on us! Order Status | Customer Help call now 800.663.1570 0 items  Crossover Pipes Home &gt; Exhaust &gt; Crossover Pipes Stock exhaust pipes rob your vehicle of energy. They often have kinks in their design that restrict your exhaust flow, holding back your engine's potential. Open your exhaust for big performance and power gains with our Crossover Pipes. They're made from top materials and specially engineered and machined to give you the fastest exhaust flow for the highest horsepower on the block. We have Crossover Pipes in many different styles and sizes to fit nearly any exhaust system. Our 7 Crossover Pipes reviews have an average rating of 4.2 out of 5 stars. Share Your Vehicle Make Your Vehicle Model Your Vehicle Year Showing 11 products Sort By: Relevance Price: Low to High Price: High to Low Customer Rating Alphabetical Brand Top Sellers JBA Performance Mid Pipes and Crossover Pipes Rating: (2) Upgrade your exhaust system with JBA Performance Mid Pipes and Crossover Pipes. These implements work both as part of a full JBA overhaul of your existing system or as a piecemeal upgrade to your stock set-up. However you do it, a variety of parts are available here to generate greater torque and horsepower for your vehicle. From $44.54 Free Shipping Quick View Heartthrob Universal Y-Pipe Kit Rating: (1) Add increased power to your vehicle with the Heartthrob Universal Y Pipe Kit. The Heartthrob Exhaust Y Pipe Kit opens up your exhaust system for optimal performance and increased power. Made from aluminzed steel, the Heartthrob Y Pipe Kit is designed for a universal fit on today's popular makes and models. Made in the USA. From $48.80 Free Shipping Quick View Bassani X &amp; Y Crossover Pipes Rating: (2) Finish off your exhaust system overhaul with Bassani X & Y Crossover Pipes. These wide, mandrel bent pipes facilitate smooth, large exhaust flow from out of your engine through to your muffler. Uniform bends resist backpressure build-up and increase performance over your vehicle's stock set-up. From $51.50 Free Shipping Quick View Doug Thorley Y Pipe Rating: (1) Complete your exhaust overhaul with a Doug Thorley Y Pipe. For use with Doug Thorley headers, Doug Thorley Y Pipes provide the perfect-sized pipes to facilitate a smooth exhaust flow with minimal backpressure. Mandrel bent for uniform width, these pipes are designed to mount directly to your headers without any hassle. From $87.95 Free Shipping Quick View Bassani Universal Cross Over Pipes Rating: Hook up your exhaust system with pipes big enough to facilitate the best possible airflow thanks to Bassani Universal Cross Over Pipes. These pipes connect your headers to cat-back exhaust systems. They provide mandrel bends to maintain uniform pipe width and optimize exhaust flow for greater performance and minimized backpressure. From $135.00 Free Shipping Quick View Bassani Exhaust Down Pipes &amp; Mid Pipes Rating: Fill out your exhaust system with Bassanit Exhaust Down Pipes & Mid Pipes. These pipes open up your system by providing for greater airflow that moves more efficiently for major performance gains. Innovative designs minimize backpressure and guarantee impressive durability, all while maintaining street legal status. From $145.00 Free Shipping Quick View DC Sports Competition Pipes Rating: Max out your ride's performance with DC Sports Competition Pipes. These pipes are for off-road use only, and are not street legal, but what a leg up they will give your off-road performance! Dyno-tested and mandrel bent 304 stainless steel opens up your engine's exhaust flow for major performance gains across any parameters you care to test. From $112.44 Free Shipping Quick View Heartthrob Custom Y-Pipe Kit Rating: Add increased power to your vehicle with the Heartthrob Custom Y Pipe Kit. This Y Pipe Kit by Heartthrob Exhaust opens up your exhaust system for optimal performance and increased power. Made from aluminzed steel, the Heartthrob Y Pipe Kit is custom fit to your vehicle. Made in the USA From $62.94 Free Shipping Quick View Heartthrob H-Pipe Kit Rating: (1) Tone down the obnoxious yelps coming from your engine with the Heartthrob H Pipe Kit. The Heartthrob H Pipe Kit balances out the exhaust flow for a sound that's music to the ear of performance enthusiasts. Made of an Aluminized Steel 16 gauge tube and easy to install. From $65.84 Free Shipping Quick View Heartthrob X-Pipe Kit Rating: The Heartthrob X Pipe Kit gives any vehicle an instant racing upgrade, and it has universal fit that will install easily onto any vehicle. This pipe kit gives your exhaust a throaty sound that performance enthusiasts love. The Heartthrob X Pipe Kit also gives your vehicle added horsepower. Made in the USA. From $110.58 Free Shipping Quick View BBK Exhaust Crossover Pipes Rating: Set up your perfect exhaust system by choosing the correct BBK Exhaust Crossover Pipe for your needs. A wide variety of different pipes in various lengths, bends, and constructions match up with BBK Exhaust headers as well as many factory configurations. Select your vehicle from our widget and see the Made-in-the-USA pipes available specifically for it, ones guaranteed to increase horsepower following an easy, bolt-on installation. From $129.99 Free Shipping Quick View Want to learn more? Read our: Exhaust Systems Research Guide Exhaust System FAQs What Do Catalytic Converters Do? What Do Mufflers Do? How To Clean Exhaust Tips About Crossover Pipes If big power is what you're looking for, you won't find it with your stock exhaust pipes. Install Crossover Pipes, though, and find the power gains you seek. Designed specifically to deliver more air to your engine for greater torque and horsepower, these pipes are the key to accessing the power you know your engine is capable of producing. Manufactured from the best materials by experts that don't cut corners when it comes to quality craftsmanship, Crossover Pipes spare no expense to get your job done. Shop All Departments Price Range $30 - 50 $50 - 100 $100 - 200 reset Brands Bassani BBK DC Sports Doug Thorley Heartthrob JBA reset Categories Catalytic Converters Crossover Pipes Diesel Exhaust Systems Exhaust Accessories Exhaust Headers Exhaust Tips Motorhome Exhaust Mufflers Performance Exhaust Systems Performance Packages  Shop Site Map Shop All Brands Shop By Car Shop By Truck Shop By SUV Shop By Van Shop By Make Learning Center Shop smart! Visit our Learning Center for expert knowledge on our parts &amp; accessories. Learn Now Company Info About Us Contact Privacy Wholesale Program Careers Auto Accessories Garage Help Center Order Status Customer Service Return Policy FAQs Call 800-663-1570 for professional advice on all our products. Phone Sales (CST) Monday - Friday - 7am - 10pm Saturday - 8am - 10pm Sunday - 10am - 8pm Customer Service (CST) Monday - Friday 9am - 5pm Connect with AAG Join AutoAccessoriesGarage on Facebook Follow AutoAccessoriesGarage on Twitter Watch AutoAccessoriesGarage on Youtube Follow AutoAccessoriesGarage on Google+ &copy; Copyright 2005-2013 Auto Accessories Garage Inc. 10335 W. Lincoln Hwy. Frankfort, IL 60423-1280 800-663-1570  