 US News &amp; World Report Home Cars Other sections: Politics &amp; Policy Health Money Education Science Travel U.S. News Home Car Rankings New Cars Used Cars News Find a Car: -- All Makes -- Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Pontiac Porsche Ram Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo -- Model -- ---- GO Home > Car Culture Car Culture Mercedes-Benz to Discontinue G55 AMG Posted: May. 09, 2011 01:05:15 p.m. Mercedes-Benz announced last week that before it discontinues its iconic G55 AMG SUV for the 2012 model year, it will release two special editions. Unfortunately, U.S. fans of the supercharged Gel&auml;ndewagen won&rsquo;t be able to get their hands on these special-edition upgrades, since they&rsquo;ll only be released in Europe. &ldquo;Americans will have to admire these special models of the G-Class from afar,&rdquo; writes Anita Leinert of Inside Line . So, if you&rsquo;ve always had your sights ... Volkswagen Officially Unveils 2012 Beetle Posted: Apr. 18, 2011 11:04:44 a.m. Volkswagen officially unveiled the 2012 Beetle today, ahead of the New York International Auto Show. Pricing has not yet been released, but the Beetle&rsquo;s competitors include the Fiat 500 and the Mini Cooper . The former is priced at $15,500 and the latter starts at $20,100, so shoppers should expect the price to fall within that range. One slightly confusing update to keep in mind is that Volkswagen has decided to drop the &ldquo;New&rdquo; from the Beetle&rsquo;s ... Chrysler Unveils 'Imported from Detroit' Merch Posted: Mar. 16, 2011 10:03:59 a.m. Well here&rsquo;s an alternative to that tired old FUBU hoodie that you&rsquo;ve been wearing around the house. &ldquo;Chrysler continues to capitalize on its hit Super Bowl TV commercial featuring Eminem, rolling out an expanded collection of "Imported from Detroit" gear that includes bumper stickers, hoodies and skull caps,&rdquo; writes Edmunds . &ldquo;The collection also includes a new logo featuring the Joe Louis fist sculpture that dominates Jefferson Avenue in the Motor City and figured prominently in the commercial.&rdquo; The ... Celebrity Cars You Can Afford Posted: Sep. 27, 2010 12:09:38 p.m. It seems like most celebrities don&rsquo;t have a care in the world. They have loads of money, always look good, wear the snazziest clothes and drive the most expensive cars. Just ask Bird Man of the rap group Cash Money. Rather than donate to pressing world issues like Haiti relief, he recently dropped $2.5 million on a Bugatti Veyron. The average Joe probably doesn&rsquo;t even know what that is (it&rsquo;s a really fast car). Fortunately, some ... Chrysler to Introduce Manly Minivan Posted: Jun. 28, 2010 10:06:02 a.m. As automakers battle for market share in the popular muscle car and small car segments, an unlikely duel has emerged between minivans . Toyota has launched a popular &ldquo; Swagger Wagon &rdquo; campaign to position its Sienna as a cool, more-modern take on the minivan. Now, there are reports that Dodge is exploring ways in which to make its Grand Caravan manlier. The &ldquo;man van,&rdquo; as it&rsquo;s commonly referred to among Dodge insiders, may hit dealer lots within the next few months ... California to Consider Digital License Plates Posted: Jun. 23, 2010 11:06:26 a.m. If California Democratic State Senator Curren Price has his way, residents&rsquo; cars may soon become moving billboards. Autoblog explains: &ldquo;In order to help close the state's $19.1 billion deficit, a study bill has been introduced that allows the DMV to explore the feasibility of digital license plates. The new tags would display the number when the car is moving, then show ads and public service announcements any time the car stops for more than a few seconds.&rdquo; Last ... Rumor: 2012 Miata to Feature Rotary-Hybrid Engine Posted: Jun. 17, 2010 10:06:59 a.m. Rumors are spreading that the next generation Mazda MX-5 Miata will forgo its newly developed, light-weight Sky-G engine for a rotary-hybrid setup. According to Motor Authority : &ldquo;BestCar, the Japanese enthusiast magazine, has let it &lsquo;leak&rsquo; that Mazdais planning to shovel a 1.2-liter or 1.3-liter rotary engine into thenext MX-5, or Roadster as it's known in its home market. The twist? Ahybriddrivetrain linked up with it.&rdquo; Upon first listen, the rumor seems plausible ... James Bond's 1964 Aston Martin DB5 Hits the Auction Block Posted: Jun. 02, 2010 10:06:32 a.m. Car collectors break out your checkbooks for a once-in-a-lifetime buy -- James Bond&rsquo;s 1964 Aston Martin DB5. Reuters reports, &ldquo;James Bond's 1964 Aston Martin DB5, dubbed by auto auctioneers RM Auctions on Tuesday as the &lsquo;world's most famous car,&rsquo; will go under the hammer in London in October and is expected to fetch over $5 million.&rdquo; And, believe it or not, Bond&rsquo;s ride still features all of the same villain-busting gadgets and weaponry employed by 007 in ... BMW Starts Sexy Ad Campaign...Public Restrooms? Posted: May. 14, 2010 10:05:40 a.m. Written in red lipstick on the bathroom mirror is the line, &ldquo;my body is absolutely stunning.&rdquo; Beneath the flirtatious note is a second line. It asks you to send a text message to a certain number, and promises photos. Would you do it? And if you did, would you be disappointed when the photos that came in response were glamour shots of&hellip; a car? Autoblog reports that BMW of Canada &ldquo;will be launching a new ad campaign for the 3-Series ... Americans Have Stopped Buying Sports Cars Posted: May. 07, 2010 10:05:05 a.m. Would you like a gorgeous drop-top with a snarling V8 and responses that make you gasp? Would you like a classic roadster? Or maybe a road-hugging, rear-wheel-drive two-seater turbocharged coupe? Would you be willing to pay for it? If so, you&rsquo;re one of a lonely few right now. Americans aren&rsquo;t buying sports cars. Edmunds Auto Observer reports, &ldquo;Muscle cars are moving okay, but the rest of the sports car market is stuck in neutral.&rdquo; Nationwide, Americans have bought ... Next advertisement Mobile Site About Us About Us How We Rank New Cars How We Rank Used Cars Contact Us Site Map U.S. News Home Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy . Copyright 2007-2013 &copy; U.S. News Rankings &amp; Reviews  