 [if IE 7]> <div id="ie7"> <![endif]  All Parts Air Filters Alternators Axle Shafts Ball Joint Belt Tensioners Belts Brake Drums Brake Hardware Brake Pads Brake Rotors Brake Shoes Cabin Filters Ceramic Brake Pads Control Arm Filters Fog Lights Fuel Filters Fuel Pump Assembly Grilles Headlight Assembly Hub and Wheel Bearings Hub Bearing Assembly Lights Oil Filters Other Car Lights Other Chassis Parts Oxygen Sensor Performance Brake Pads Performance Brake Rotors Radiators Semi Metallic Brake Pads Serpentine Belts Side Mirrors Starter Motor Strut Assembly Struts Suspension Conversion Kits Suspension Parts Tie Rod Timing Belts Transmission Filters Wheel Bearings Window Regulators Wiper Blades     Login  |  My Account   0 Items in cart $0.00  Read What Our Customers Are Saying... I found your company first on eBay then I bought parts directly from your site. I probably wouldn't have a running car if not for Prime Choice! I couldn't afford everything to fix the suspension from any other place but your prices are so amazing. Thank you, Rielle Wright I just wanted to compliment your company on great service, communication, shipping and products. The purchase I made just recently arrived lightning quick. I was surprised because I placed the order almost too late to give you a chance to get it here when I needed it. But the order made it. I also worked with a couple of your folks on an ordering problem and they were very helpful. I will definitely try to call on you again for future orders. Thanks a lot, Marty Lawson Harrodsburg KY. Hi. Thank you for your refund, your professionalism and fast response. I am very satisfied. I plan on purchasing new wipers for both my vehicles and will plan on getting them from you. Also if your product is as good as they look I will inform my associates I work with - 250+ of your product. Thank you again and I look forward to dealing with you in the near future. Sincerely, Paul Horniak I ordered two sensors for my car. You sent me a confirmation and let me know that it had shipped. I PAID NO SHIPPING. You are the best. I am 59 and I appreciate the way you do business. To be a good customer should I tell everyone about you or just spend lots of money? Danny C. Graybeal Half the price of anyone else. Very good quality parts and the how-to videos really helped. It took me about an hour to replace both front struts. Thanks and Regards, Jack Farmersville, Ohio Thanks so much for the awesome service &ndash; WOW - I will be putting the parts on tonight &ndash; WOW Thanks so much, James F, Chicago, Ill Strut Assembly and Brakes. Well you are right - half the price, good quality and excellent service. You were so inexpensive I was suspicious. Everyone told me don't do it - go local. Well they are the loser and I am so thrilled. The job went well and I saved over 500 dollars. Thanks!! I am spreading the word. A Grandmother with guts, Sue R Berlin, MA Thanks for the great service! The parts arrived as promised and fit like a glove (also as promised). The instructions that were included made it relatively easy for me to do the work myself. That saved me over $300 on labor. Unfortunately my regular mechanic believes only KYB makes shocks and struts! I would recommend you to anyone and have! Thanks, again! It's been a pleasure doing business with you! Wil G, Bedford TX I ordered parts yesterday and got them this morning. Installed them and just need the rear bearings now. Jesse Chard I am glad I found you on the internet. Your parts are so cheap (only in price).Thanks for the good service, fast delivery and free shipping. When I need any parts I will order from you and also tell others about you. (Family members etc.) Thanks, Charles Ellis This is a great online parts store. I have ordered parts for 3 different vehicles and every parts was right on and the quality and price are second to none. The service is better than most local stores. PRIME CHOICE IS MY CHOICE for all of the parts they can supply me. Kevin Donais got an excellent deal on rotors and brake pads thank you!!! Chuck Derby Recently my 2003 Dodge Blazer fuel pump needed replacing. Me and my husband looked around everywhere and the cheapest fuel pump we could find was 240 dollars. We found your website and was unsure about purchasing a fuel pump from you considering that it was less than half the price of everywhere else as well as being online which would result in us not being able to actually see the part until it was delivered to us. Nevertheless, we figured "what would it hurt" and purchased the part anyway. I have to give you all compliments. Not only did the part arrive at a reasonable time but it was the right part without any flaws. I finally found a place that I can purchase all of my car parts without going broke :) Trust and believe you will be recommended to all of my friends and family. Warm Regards, The Hyde Family Thanks!!!!!!!! Awesome transaction: simple, swift, and exact item needed to solve my problem. Look forward to future transactions. L. Garrett Satisfied Customer Secure Checkout (24/7)  Shipping Sign Up For Exclusive Deals Lights Car Lights All Car Lights parts are direct fit and designed for vehicle specific application on all makes and models. Headlight Assemblies are complete and SAE approved. Fog Lights are designed to effectively minimize light dispersion in foggy or misty conditions. Other visibility enhancing parts include: signal lights, parking lights, and reflectors.       Headlight Assembly       Fog Lights       Other Car Lights $4.74 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPCV30072A3R List Price:$8.30 You Save: $3.55 $5.48 Product: Signal Light Assembly Part #:KAPVW30062A3 List Price:$9.59 You Save: $4.11 $5.64 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPST30062A3R List Price:$9.87 You Save: $4.23 $5.94 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPJP30064A3L List Price:$10.40 You Save: $4.45 $6.38 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPCR30062A1L List Price:$11.17 You Save: $4.78 $6.38 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPCR30062A1R List Price:$11.17 You Save: $4.78 $6.48 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPHN30063A1 List Price:$11.34 You Save: $4.86 $6.51 Product: Side Marker Light Part #:KAPVW30064A3R List Price:$11.39 You Save: $4.88 $6.54 Product: Signal Light Assembly Part #:KAPLX30062A1L List Price:$11.45 You Save: $4.91 $6.54 Product: Signal Light Assembly Part #:KAPLX30062A1R List Price:$11.45 You Save: $4.91 Car Light All the lighting and reflectivity components of an automobile are meant to provide illumination so you can operate your vehicle safely. This means allowing you to see in the dark, increasing your vehicles perceptibility, and allowing other drivers to accurately detect your presence including speed, position, size, and direction of travel. Many avoidable accidents take place because light malfunctions or breakdowns, so it pays to take proper care of your car lighting system and components. Are you in need of new car light parts and components? ALL of our car lights are direct fit and designed for vehicle specific application on all makes and models. To ensure absolute safety while you are operating your vehicle, all of your car&rsquo;s lighting components have to be functioning properly all of the time. Prime Choice Auto Parts offers a variety of car lights parts at discount prices. For any questions call 1 866 990 3871 to speak with one of our friendly customer service specialists.   [if IE 7]> </div> <![endif] 