  24&#176;C Â  A few clouds Calgary Detailed Forecast Â  Calgary Traffic Sponsored by your local Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Make Us Your Homepage eStore canada.com network Newspapers National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix  Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen The Gazette (Montreal)  Calgary Herald Main callout pointer for calgaryherald.com Main callout pointer for calgaryherald.com more Â» 1 hour ago Â   FAST WAVE 1 TECH Changes - Removed the hard-coded suggestions from the mocks, leaving just the <input> (see line 26) - Removed the autocomplete property from the <input> (see line 23) - Added the javascript call to pull in the jQuery.autocomplete.min.js plugin NOTE: this MUST be added to the page via the CDMScriptManager (see line 107 ) - Added a javascript function to 'hook-up' the autocomplete functionality to the <input> (see line 128) Quick Links: Shopping , Obituaries , Horoscopes Search  Home News  Home Calgary Weather Alberta Politics National World Photos Videos Traffic Crime Opinion  Home Herald Blogs Local Bloggers Letters Submit a Letter Columnists Editorials Editorial Cartoon Business  Home Real Estate Energy Money - RSP Markets on FP Commercial Real Estate Mortgages Watchlist Business Profiles Smart Shift Sports  Home Flames/Hockey Football Baseball Curling Golf MMA Lacrosse Rodeo/Chucks College/High School Soccer Spruce Meadows Arts  Home Swerve Calgary Celebrity Movies Television TV Listings Theatre Music Books Life  Home Food Taste Alberta Family Fashion &amp; Beauty Comics &amp; Diversions The Royals Christmas Fund Grilling and Barbecuing Mike Holmes Health  Home Women Men Family &amp; Child Seniors Sexual Health Diet Fitness Tech  Home Tech &amp; You Personal Tech Gaming Tech-Biz Internet Space Travel  Home Trip Ideas Tools &amp; Tips Destination Guides Ski Guide Travel Shots Top 5 Explore Alberta Swerve  Home Event Listings Features Galleries Eats + Drinks Living Our Town Contests Jobs  Home Post Jobs Top Employers Cars  Home New Kijiji Autos Classifieds Sell Research &amp; Compare News &amp; Events Videos Features Calgary Auto Show Homes  Home New Homes New Condos Rec Properties Showhomes Room with a View News and Views Mortgage Rates Virtual tours Calgary Area search Mike Holmes Classifieds  Home Obituaries Announcements eStore Vehicles Real Estate Rentals Jobs Pets For Sale Shopping This Week's Flyers Place an Ad FlyerCity Don't miss: Team Canada's ball hockey practice Calgary Votes: Who's running? Complete coverage: Alberta Floods 2013 Tour of Alberta section Â  Â»  largefeature 'N Sync reunion? You had it, Lance Bass says NEW YORK, N.Y. - Don't get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second 'N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. It was their first performance together in 11 years &#8212; and the last time they'll do it, at least for a while. more Â» 4 hours ago Comments ( ) Â  They're an item: Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg made their first red carpet appearance together on Saturday night. more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Princess Diana's lover slams new biopic 'Gossip' film doesn't tell true story of their relationship, Hasnat Khan says. more Â» Comments ( ) Princess Diana discussed move to Pakistan to marry Hasnat Khan The affair of the heart that was Princess Dianaâ&euro;&trade;s final obsession Does Naomi Watts do Princess Diana justice? 'Lost' star Naveen Andrews welcomes switch from 'Diana' to TV's new 'Wonderland' series Interactive graphic: The Royal Family Tree Special site: Royal family Â  Jay Baruchel is angling for a return to TV ABC says the Goon star is working on a semi-autobiographical comedy about a successful actor who moves back to his hometown to get away from the shallowness of Hollywood. more Â» Â  Lakritz: Justin Trudeau goes to pot and joins Paulina On Saturday, Postmedia columnist Stephen Maher, writing about Justin Trudeau&#8217;s admission that he smoked marijuana after being elected an MP, said &#8220;it shows that he is a different kind of politician &#8212; more like Paulina Gretzky than Mackenzie King &#8212; a product of the social media age.&#8221; Paulina Gretzky is about as appealing as a prime ministerial candidate as Lindsay Lohan is for president of the United States. As for Mackenzie King, who&#8217;d want another prime minister like him? He consulted with the spirit of his dead mother on policy issues and for a time openly admired Adolf Hitler. As Allan Levine tells it in his 2011 biography of King, after meeting Hitler in 1937, King admired the &#8220;constructive work of (Hitler&#8217;s) regime, and said that I hoped that that would continue ... That it was bound to be followed in other countries to the great advantage of mankind.&#8221; more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake, 'N Sync own MTV Video Music Awards NEW YORK, N.Y. - It may not be a good thing for her, but Miley Cyrus had the most memorable moment at the MTV Video Music Awards. more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Kloe Kardashian-Lamar Odom marriage kaput The marriage of Khloe Kardashian-Odom and Lamar Odom is on the rocks and headed over the cliff, TMZ is reporting. more Â» Â  Kate Gosselin sues ex-husband Jon, says he stole hard drive and hacked phone, email for book PHILADELPHIA &#8212; Former reality TV star Kate Gosselin filed a lawsuit Monday accusing her ex-husband of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer to get material for a tell-all book. more Â» Â  Get The Look: MTV Video Music Awards â&euro;&rdquo; Katy Perry, Ellie Goulding and Rita Ora The MTV Video Music Awards last night in Brooklyn, NY, saw the biggest names in the entertainment industry hitting the Red Carpet! Some of our favourite stars, including Katy Perry, Ellie Goulding, and Rita Ora, pushed the boundaries, drawing some [&#8230;] more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Miley Cyrus makes Lady Gaga look tame during MTV Video Music Awards opener (with photos) Lady Gaga kicked off the MTV Video Music Awards by being predictably unpredictable. more Â» Comments ( ) Gallery: Stars pack the red carpet at the MTV VMAs Gallery: â&euro;&tilde;N Sync returns at the MTV VMAs Gallery: 40 hottest photos from the MTV Video Music Awards Â  It's a baby girl for Alec Baldwin and wife Actor Alec Baldwin and his wife have given birth to a baby girl in New York. more Â» Comments ( ) Movie review: Kick-Ass 2 falls short of the original (with trailer) Alec Baldwinâ&euro;&trade;s accused stalker pushes for a trial RSS feed: Get the Vancouver Sun entertainment newsfeed directly to your desktop Movie review: Scarlett Oâ&euro;&trade;Hara gets Woody Allen treatment with Blue Jasmine (with trailer) Sopranos creator memorializes James Gandolfini as a 'good boy' at his funeral Â  Gallery: Stars pack the red carpet at the MTV VMAs Stars packed the red carpet at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards at the Barclay&#8217;s Center in the Brooklyn borough of New York City on Sunday night. Take a look. more Â» Photos: Stars pack the red carpet at the MTV VMAs Good kid Kendrick Lamar still has grip on centre stage MTV Video Music Awards shaping up as Justin Timberlake's night Justin Timberlake to perform, receive Michael Jackson Video Vanguard award at MTV VMAs Katy Perry returns to MTV's Video Music Awards to perform new single, 'Roar' Â  Justin Timberlake wins video of the year, reunites with â&euro;&tilde;N Sync at MTV Video Music Awards Miley Cyrus&#8217; foam finger, Lady Gaga&#8217;s thong, Taylor Swift&#8217;s mean streak and the look on Rihanna&#8217;s face while Drake performed will surely be remembered, but these MTV Video Music Awards belonged to Justin Timberlake. more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Bleary-eyed Price hits Calgary for Hockey Canada camp a day after getting married An exhausted Carey Price arrived in Calgary on Sunday afternoon from Kennewick, Wash., and fully admitted he hadn&#8217;t slept a single minute. more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Music's top hit-makers Timberlake, Gaga and more descend on Brooklyn for Video Music Awards Even if the hotly rumoured 'N Sync reunion doesn't happen, the MTV Video Music Awards are already shaping up as Justin Timberlake's night. more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Gallery: The Many roles of Ben Affleck He&#8217;s been a dramatic actor, action movie hero, rom-com leading man, director, producer, crusader, celebrity. Now he might play Bat Man. Here&#8217;s a look at the many roles of Ben Affleck. more Â» Â  Steven Moyer cast as Capt. Von Trapp in NBCâ&euro;&trade;s live production of The Sound of Music LOS ANGELES &#8212; Steven Moyer will play Capt. Von Trapp in NBC&#8217;s upcoming live production of The Sound of Music. more Â» Â  Actress-singer Demi Lovato will appear in multiple episodes of Glee NEW YORK &#8212; Demi Lovato is taking her big voice to &#8220;Glee.&#8221; more Â» Â  Holy headcase hysteria Batman! Ben Affleck will be the next Batman: How &#8216;bout them apples? more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Contest Entertainment Front Contest Widget Entertainment Front Contest Widget more Â» Â   Sponsored Links    Features Ballet Â  Diving into Swan Lake: After 45 years, Alberta Ballet set to tackle a masterpiece Swan Lake is easily the world&amp;#8217;s most famous ballet. A ...Â  Â» Stephen Massicotte gives hit play Maryâ&euro;&trade;s Wedding a makeover Calgary playwright Stephen Massicotte&amp;#8217;s haunting First...Â  Â»  Inside The Calgary Herald Celebrity Gallery: George Clooney plays it cool in Italy Hollywood&#8217;s silver fox boats in for the Venice Film Festival, running Aug. 28 through Sept. 7. more Â» 56 minutes ago Â  Gallery: The Betty Awards The local theatre community honored it's own at the annual Betty Awards Monday night at Stage West. more Â» 2 hours ago Â  Top Picks Gallery: Ten McDonaldâ&euro;&trade;s menu items you probably havenâ&euro;&trade;t heard about You can thank Pulp Fiction. When John Travolta's character extolled the "little differences" that make... more Â» 4 hours ago McDonaldâ&euro;&trade;s goes meatless for first time in a decade Â  Entertainment Gallery: 40 must-see fall films Sure, fall means colder weather and back to school, but it also means a pack of new movies in the theatre... more Â» Â  Festival Gallery: The worldâ&euro;&trade;s largest scooter festival in Britain Thousands of nostalgic riders were taken back to the swinging &#8217;60s this past weekend at the annual... more Â» 4 hours ago Â  Team Canada Gallery: Team Canada's stars play ball hockey Stymied from on-ice practices by a hefty $1-million insurance cost, Team Canada walked through breakouts... more Â» Â   Home News Opinion Business Sports Arts Life Health Tech Travel Swerve Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds  Don't Miss Team Canada's ball hockey practice Calgary Votes: Who's running? Complete coverage: Alberta Floods 2013 Tour of Alberta section Â  Â» Most Popular Couple caught with suspected opium concealed in coffee carafes at Calgary airport Team Canada takes to the 'ice' for walk-through practice; Sharp, Kunitz on Crosbyâ&euro;&trade;s line Calgary man dies while scuba diving in Waterton Â  Â» Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Columnists Photo Galleries Videos Mobile iPad App The Herald About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscribe to the Print Edition Tools Search  Search for a Job Buy/Sell a Car Real Estate Listings Infomart Place a Classified Ad E-mail Alerts swervecalgary.com Flyercity.ca  canada.com Logo About canada.com Privacy Statement Terms Copyright &amp; Permissions &copy; 2010 - 2013 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.  SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4. Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com 