  Geek-Culture News Home Features Nerd Reactor TV Interviews Contests Reviews Podcasts CosCast Awkward Conversations Video Games Movies Misc Cosplay Comics TV Music About  The Art of Blizzard Entertainment Book Launch and Art Exhibition coverage Posted 6:51 pm on Monday, January 21st, 2013 by Mark Pacis On January 12th, Nerd Reactor was lucky enough to be invited to Gallery Nucleus for the opening reception of The Art of Blizzard Entertainment Book Launch and Art Exhibition , which features over 50 art pieces from Blizzard’s soon-to-be released art book. Blizzard artists Chris Metzen, Nick Carpenter, Glenn Rane, John Plldora, Peter Lee, and Wei Wang were in attendance and were ready to sign your art book if you bought your advanced copy there. At the gallery, you get to see many of the amazing digital paintings and charcoal/pencil drawings from the artists at Blizzard. Those that attended the opening reception had a chance to participate in a scavenger hunt game. You were given 18 clues, and it was your job to go and look for the art pieces that matches the clues that were given to you. An unconventional thing to do at an art gallery, but this was a fun touch from Blizzard. On the second floor, not only do you get more art pieces to marvel at but also attendees had a chance to get a 45-minute art demo from John Polidora, Tyson Murphy, Laurel Austin, and Danny Beck. If you haven’t had a chance to check out the Art of Blizzard Entertainment exhibition, I suggest you check it out, especially if you are a fan of any Blizzard games. You get a chance to check out the behind-the-scenes look at Blizzard Entertainment’s creative process and awe at intricacies and details of each piece. The Art of Blizzard Entertainment Book Launch and Art Exhibition is currently ongoing and will end on February 3rd at Gallery Nucleus. For more information and gallery hours, visit Gallery Nucleus’ site here . Pause Play Play Prev | Next    Mark Pacis Self-proclaimed &#8220;Human IMDb&#8221; and comic book geek. Biggest Iron Man fan you&#8217;ll probably ever meet.  The Art of Blizzard Entertainment  Gaming News Loading...  More Awesomeness Across the Network! JOIN THE NR FAMILY Nerd Reactor TV Recent Posts Xbox One release date leaked? The Geekie Awards red carpet with NR Super Adventure Box returning to Guild Wars 2 Disney Infinity Review: Great for kids and insomniacs! Ys: Memories of Celceta coming this holiday season  Recent Posts Xbox One release date leaked? The Geekie Awards red carpet with NR Super Adventure Box returning to Guild Wars 2 Disney Infinity Review: Great for kids and insomniacs! Ys: Memories of Celceta coming this holiday season Show More  © 2013 Nerd Reactor, LLC. All rights Reserved. | RSS Feeds Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Advertise with Us | Contact Go to Top  