     Home &gt; Language Arts &gt;  LLATL &gt; What is LLATL?  What is Learning Language Arts Through Literature?  By teaching these skills in the context of  literature and writing, your student has the advantage of  learning in a highly effective manner that basal programs do not  provide. Learning Language Arts Through Literature is an exciting and different approach to language arts learning.  Best of all, it's been proven highly effective. Students and  teachers love it.  Learning Language Arts Through Literature is a fully integrated language arts program that teaches grammar, reading, spelling, vocabulary, writing mechanics, creative writing, thinking skills and more. For example, a basal program may teach adjectives separately from other skills. The student may be asked to fill in blanks with adjectives and circle them in a paragraph. This may give your student a clue about adjectives, but does not translate into his practical use of adjectives in his writing. In LLATL, your student may read literature passages that use adjectives. He may be asked to read the passage without the adjectives and decide how important they are to the understanding of a story. Another activity may include writing a descriptive sentence/paragraph about a picture using adjectives or rewriting the passage using different adjectives. These activities not only teach language arts skills in addition to adjectives, but your student will incorporate the skills into his everyday writing. The goal of any language arts program should be to equip the student for a lifetime of communication through the written and spoken word. With LLATL, your student will acquire a deeper understanding and a greater interest in the language arts subjects. Real books are used in the reading lessons, complete with vocabulary words, discussion questions and a variety of activities. Reading real books instead of basal stories makes reading a joy and the beginning of a lifelong adventure for your student. All levels are written for a 36 week school year. Grades 1- 9 include a TeacherÂ&rsquo;s Book written in a conversational format making it easy to use with little or no preparation time for the teacher. Student Activity Books are available for the 1st - 8th grade. All levels include review activities and assessments. Learning Language Arts Through Literature is one of our product lines chosen by Cathy Duffy in her book,  100 Top Picks for Homeschool Curriculum . Read the review of this product.  Up | Back  Scope &amp; Sequence  FAQ About Learning Language Arts Through Literature  Search Site  FREE Teaching Tips E-Newsletter Sign Up Now!  Your Feedback  Copyright &copy; 2009 Common Sense Press. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Contact Us | About CSP | Free Teaching Tips E-Newsletter Send comments, questions or suggestions to: info@commonsensepress.com Common Sense Press, 8786 Highway 21, Melrose, FL 32666. Ph: (352) 475-5757 If you have any problems viewing this site please CLICK HERE to contact our Webmaster. Web Design by AdServices.net 