     Orange   County  Entertainment Guide -   Things to Do in Orange County - Entertainment  - Fun things to do Sporting  Events Attractions Family  Friendly Entertainment Festivals   and Events Nightlife Theater   Planning an Event  - Entertainment for Your Event -  Music Other  Entertainment Party  Planning   Entertainment in Orange County  - Information &amp; Services - Movie  Theaters  and Listings On-Line   Fun! Ticket   Outlets Television  Guides Technology  and Entertainment -   Featured Articles - How  The Party Bus Was Born! How  to Throw a Party in a Party Limo Bus OC-Style Tips  for Adding Music to Your Event  Entertainment Ideas - fun things to do Eco-Adventure  Center  Laguna Niguel   The Ritz-Carlton, Laguna Niguel presents eco-adventures  that inspire you with Southern CaliforniaÂ&rsquo;s unique  ecosystems and connect your spirit to their larger  global systems. Led by expert naturalists, the  Eco-Adventure Center is dedicated to showcasing  Southern CaliforniaÂ&rsquo;s natural wonders. Throughout  these unique excursions, the local surroundings  become a natural classroom and living laboratory.  Adults, families and kids learn through experience,  which instills them with deep appreciation and  respect for nature. As well, they will understand  how to live more environmentally responsible back  home.  Cruise  Newport Beach Sunset Cruise Newport Beach -  Live Latin Music Two Cruises To Choose From Nightly Choose  from our Fiesta Newport Beach Cruise with live  Latin music complimentary chips and salsa, and  a unlimited drink special of only $15 (icy legendary  Newport Beach margarita is highly recommended)  ! Or our Newport Beach Sunset Cruise with beautiful  sunsets, live Spanish music, complimentary chips  and fresh salsa, and of course the unlimited drink  special of $15! Both cruises are 1 Â½ hours and  tour Newport Bay as well as the famous Newport  Beach coastline. Featured artists both recognized  and undiscovered in a venue unique to Orange County.  Cruise  price normally $25 - Mention  Orangecounty.net And Get $15 Sunset Or Evening  Cruise Rate!  Newport Landing/Newport Bay  309 Palm Street Suite A, Newport Beach INFORMATION  / BOOK ONLINE OR CALL: 949-675-0551  FLIGHTDECK  Air Combat Center Located in Anaheim The Flight is Simulated. The Experience is  Real!  Authentic military flight simulation center providing  civilians the opportunity to pilot a fighter jet  in actual flight simulators. Flight gear, training  and in-flight instruction are provided to ensure  a challenging aviation-themed adventure. Open  to the general public with special programs for  corporate events, team building and group parties.  With a maximum capacity for 72 people  Jetlev  Southwest Fly the worldÂ&rsquo;s first recreational  jetpack!   The Jetlev R200 water-propelled jetpack is safe,  fun and easy to fly! Within minutes, our Certified  Flight Instructors will have you flying using  our state-of-the-art training process, which utilizes  walkie-talkie helmets for ongoing communication  throughout your flight and remote control throttle  capability to assist pilots with the learning  process. Flight Experience Sessions consist of  safety video, equipment overview, and 20-30 minutes  of flight time (depending on package), with the  majority of first-time pilots up and flying within  the first 5 minutes. High-Definition video packages,  returning pilot discounts and monthly membership  programs also available. Jetpacks are now a reality,  so Stop Dreaming and Start Flying! Located  in Newport Harbor  Wheel  Fun Rentals at Irvine Park Irvine Regional Park  1 Irvine Park Road  Orange, CA 92869  Come visit Wheel Fun Rentals at Irvine Park...  with many fun cycle and paddle boat options from  which to choose, we offer the ultimate in fun  and recreation for the entire family to enjoy.  From toddlers to grandparents, all visitors are  sure to enjoy the outdoors at the Irvine Regional  Park. Wheel Fun Rentals is the premier provider  of fun and unique outdoor recreational vehicles.  Our fleet of cycles -- which are ideal for sightseeing,  people watching, exercising or simply enjoying  the park -- include the surrey, double surrey,  deuce coupe, quad sport and chopper. Other bikes  available for rent include tandem bikes, cruiser  bikes and kids bikes. We also feature paddle boats  (aqua cycles) available to rent; visitors can  ride the paddle boats on the beautiful lake located  inside of the park. Wheel  Fun Rentals at Irvine Park is located adjacent  to the historic boathouse next to the lake and  opens daily at 10 am back to top Professional Sporting Events   LA Galaxy  With the second most wins in MLS history and a  pair of MLS Cup championships to their name, the  LA Galaxy enter their fifteenth MLS season with  renewed spirits following their run to the 2009  MLS Cup Final where they narrowly missed out on  the third championship in club history.  Anaheim  Ducks In Anaheim since 1993 Tickets  are sold at the Honda Center box office, Ticketmaster  outlets, on-line at ticketmaster.com and by-phone  at (714) 740-2000. Group discounts are available  for select events and can be purchased through  the Arrowhead Pond Group Sales Department at (714)  704-2420.    Angels Baseball   The 2002 World Series winner, the Angels have  been in Anaheim since 1966.   2000 Gene Autry Way  Anaheim, CA 92806   714-634-2000 back to top Music &amp; Bands - Entertainment for your party Don  Covel - Guitar/Vocal soloist Classic rock &amp; smooth jazz  Add live music to your event. Don creates a relaxed  ambience with reflections of James Taylor, warm  vocals, soft guitar, classic rock, pop, & smooth  jazz. Promote your event, cruise charter, business  mixer, wedding, or party with live music. Like  a band, but just one guy. Vocals, guitar, and  background tracks create an amazingly real "live  band" sound. No other local artist offers more  musicianship, variety, and entertainment. More  entertaining than a DJ, less cost than a band.  Info: 949-855-6581  The  Fabulous Ultratones Dance Band  High Energy 6-12 piece San Diego and Orange County  wedding band! Great reputation in Southern California.  One of the top wedding bands in Orange County  and San Diego. Soulful male and female vocalists,  full horn section and great repertoire from standards  to top-40. The Fabulous Ultratones provide a charismatic  stage show that gets you up moving and grooving.  Excellent references provided. Flexible band size  and pricing.  Island  Rhythms Production Music with the sounds of the Caribbean   Providing Authentic Steel Drum and Reggae musical  groups. Island Rhythms can also provide professional  Afro-Caribbean dancers that performs popular dancing  styles of the West Indies such as Fire Eating,  Limbo, and more. Available for both private and  public events.  Paul  McIntire - Electric Violinist  Paul McIntire is a seasoned professional with  decades of varied experience. He creates a unique  blend of artistic expression, technical prowess  and audience appeal. His extensive repertoire  encompasses a diverse collection of musical styles.  With his creative approach Paul takes the audience  on a musical journey crossing over many genres  and emotions, creating very unique, exciting musicial  entertainment.  The  Voices of Christmas   Delighting audiences since 1989, THE VOICES OF  CHRISTMAS is a wonderful group of highly talented,  professional singers, each of whom is a solo performer  in his or her own right. Dressed in Dickens-style  costumes with a repertoire of almost 80 songs,  THE VOICES OF CHRISTMAS perform both traditional  and contemporary carols a cappella. They have  harmonized numerous and different venues throughout  the Greater Los Angeles area and Orange, Riverside  and Ventura counties. They performed on the hit  television shows, Â&ldquo;Beverly Hills, 90210Â&rdquo;, for  Comedy Central, Â&ldquo;ERÂ&rdquo;, Â&ldquo;The West WingÂ&rdquo; and can  be seen this year on the Hallmark ChannelÂ&rsquo;s Â&ldquo;Silver  Bells.Â&rdquo;   Contact: Lisa Stanley -- (818) 766-3431 (818)  515-3845 back to top Entertainment  - Other Entertainment for your party or event Island  Rhythms Production Music with the sounds of the Caribbean   Professional Afro-Caribbean dancers that perform  popular dancing styles of the West Indies such  as Fire Eating, Limbo, and more. Island Rhythms  also provides Authentic Steel Drum and Reggae  musical groups. Available for both private and  public events.  The  Voices of Christmas   Delighting audiences since 1989, THE VOICES OF  CHRISTMAS is a wonderful group of highly talented,  professional singers, each of whom is a solo performer  in his or her own right. Dressed in Dickens-style  costumes with a repertoire of almost 80 songs,  THE VOICES OF CHRISTMAS perform both traditional  and contemporary carols a cappella. They have  harmonized numerous and different venues throughout  the Greater Los Angeles area and Orange, Riverside  and Ventura counties. They performed on the hit  television shows, Â&ldquo;Beverly Hills, 90210Â&rdquo;, for  Comedy Central, Â&ldquo;ERÂ&rdquo;, Â&ldquo;The West WingÂ&rdquo; and can  be seen this year on the Hallmark ChannelÂ&rsquo;s Â&ldquo;Silver  Bells.Â&rdquo;   Contact: Lisa Stanley -- (818) 766-3431 (818)  515-3845 back to top Ticket Outlets Tickets.com   Online ticketing service. The worldÂ&rsquo;s leading  provider of ticketing and box office management  systems and services for the entertainment industry.  Concerts, sporting events, ballet, museum admissions,  theater and family events.  TicketMaster Online  ticketing for local Concerts, Sports, Arts & Theater,  plus Family entertainment. back to top Movie Listings and Ticket Information Fandango   The fastest-growing movie-ticketing company in  the United States, and is transforming the moviegoing  experience. Fandango provides advance tickets,  showtimes and more on the Internet and by telephone,  and makes planning a trip to the movies faster  and easier than ever. Fandango is also leading  the way in new moviegoing enhancements with an  ongoing test (in select markets) of such advancements  as print-at-home ticketing, express theater and  concession lines and more.  MovieTickets.com Online  movie ticket purchasing. Offers showtimes, reviews,  movie descriptions, news and search capabilities.  back to top Television Guides TV.com   By filling out a form and registering (for no  charge) you can view television listings in your  area. As well as detailed descriptions of what  is currently on tv, personalized listings of your  favorite shows is also available.  TVGuide.com Complete  online television guide for all areas. Offering  news, stories, features, picks and pans. back to top On-line Fun! Shockwave.com  Multiple games and puzzles, e-cards you can make  and send, game and photo fun downloads, and films.  Hours of entertainment on this site! back to top OrangeCounty.net - Premier listings for all of Orange County Featuring Orange County Entertainment information. Tickets, nightlife, sporting events, movies and planning entertainment for special events.   Home - Orange County Visitor Information - Fun things to do in OC - OC Beaches, Surf &amp; Sand - Art &amp; Music in Orange County  - Shopping &amp; Dining in Orange County OC Business - Orange County Health Inforrmation - Orange County Rescources for Residents - OC Education - Orange County Real Estate - Site Map - Disclaimer &copy;2011 OrangeCounty.net. Site Owned and Operated by Purpose Media For info on ad rates call 949.443.1323 or sales@orangecounty.net Photographic images courtesy of OCBook.com  