 Home About Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap  Home &raquo; Audi &raquo; Audi TT RS Plus Coupe 2013 Price and Specifications Release Audi TT RS Plus Coupe 2013 Price and Specifications Release May 2nd, 2012 Filed under: Audi 7,676 views Audi TT RS Plus Coupe 2013 Price and Specifications Release Reviewed by Fitryan (Auto Trend Update) on May 2 Rating: Audi TT RS Plus Coupe 2013 Price and Specifications Release  The Audi manufacturer released the pricing of  Audi TT RS Plus  Coupe for UK market. So that the variant of TT RS will be more complete with the presence of this new model. Reported by autoevolution, Audi TT RS Coupe Plus standard six-speed manual transmission priced at 48.945 pound sterling. While the S-Tronic automatic transmission is 1340 pound sterling more expensive. Audi TT RS Plus  has an additional power of 20 hp and 15 Nm of torque. So that, the squeeze of the powe made the total output of this German iron horse into 360 hp and peak torque of 465 Nm. Furthermore, the maximum speed of 2013 Audi TT RS Plus was increased from 250 kmph to 280 kmph. When the test acceleration 0-100 kmph, the Audi TT RS Plus just need a time of 4.1 seconds. This result is two tenths faster than the standard version. That was very great, wasn&#8217;t it? The secret behind the performance of the maximality of this Audi TT RS Plus  is the sport exhaust system with black tails pipes which is optional. That way the sound coming out of exhaust gas channels become louder and louder. This car also gets a new set of 19-inch alloys (instead of the regular model&#8217;s 18-inch rims) and a matt aluminium surround for the revised grille and carbon fiber mirror caps. In addition, the Audi TT RS  Plus also get additional features in the cabin, such assatellite navigation system, Bluetooth and Audi Music Interface iPod Connection, all of which now come as standard features. Great cars other than New Audi TT RS : Incoming search terms: chevrolet cobalt south africa boxer engine price in singapore bmw i8 price in india Related terms: Audi TT Rs Coupe Price, Audi TT Coupe Reviews, Audi TT Rs Performance, Audi TT Ground Clearance, Audi TT Rs vs, Audi TT Rs 2012, New Audi TT Rs, 2012 Audi TT Rs Coupe . Tags: reales audi ttrs 2013 , audi tt rs coupe price , Audi TT RS Price , audi tt coupe 2013 price , new audi 2013 , carros audi 2013 , 2013 audi tt interior coupe , ground clearance audi tt rs , 2013 tt rs uk , Audi Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website  CAPTCHA Code *  &laquo; Audi A6 L E-Tron Concept on 2012 Beijing Motor Show Prindiville Tuning Package for Lambhorgini Aventador J &raquo; Latest Cars Auto Trend Update Archives Alfa Romeo Audi Auto News Bentley BMW Chevrolet Citroen Dodge Ferrari Ford Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep KIA Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Mazda Mercedes Benz Mitsubishi Nissan Peugeot Porsche Range Rover Renault Rolls Royce Sedans Shelby Sport Cars Subaru SUV Suzuki Toyota Uncategorized Viper Volkswagen Volvo Featured Cars Audi TT RS Plus Coupe 2013 Price and Specifications Release The Audi manufacturer released the pricing of Audi TT RS Plus Coupe for UK... Audi A6 L E-Tron Concept on 2012 Beijing Motor Show Audi gives a touch of hybrid technology to the A6... Audi A5 Coupe and Sportback line-up with diesel engines TDIe Audi A5 Coupe and Sportback line-up has a new and... Euro NCAP released a Best in Class Cars of 2011 of Safest Category Euro NCAP (European New Car Assessment Programme) released a Best... Best Seller on Auto Parts &raquo; T-MAX Off-Road Series EW8500 Winch with Steel Rope &raquo; Keeper 07203 Waterproof Roof Top Cargo Bag (15 Cubic Feet) &raquo; Clore Automotive JNC660 Jump-N-Carry &raquo; Moto Metal MO961 Satin Black Wheel &raquo; Helo HE844 Chrome Wheel with Gloss Black Accents   Find us on Facebook Follow Our Twitter Auto Trend Update's Friends Auto Evolution Autos &#8211; Okezone Best Interior Idea Flava Cars Home and Furniture Gallery Lincah.com Mario Design Gallery Motor Cycle Modification Wireless Printer Best Buy Best Roadbike Brands Store SUBSCRIBE TO AUTOTRENDUPDATE.COM Sign up to receive daily email updates of Auto Trend Update headlines. Enter your email address below: Subscribe in a reader Mitsubishi Mirage, The Rival of Honda Brio and Nissan March , 2012 New Peugeot 208, The Lighter, Efficient, and Powerful Car , Rolls Royce Ghost Purple Modifications by Fenice Milano With 24k Gold Covering , Kiat Esemka Rajawali from Indonesia Priced About 95 Million Rupiah , Peugeot 4008 SUV Release in 2012 , Auto Trend Update | Copyright © 2011 autotrendupdate.com  Page optimized by WP Minify WordPress Plugin on  Amazon.com  in any category  Appliances    Apps for Android    Arts, Crafts &amp; Sewing    Automotive    Baby    Beauty    Books    Cell Phones &amp; Accessories    Clothing &amp; Accessories    Collectibles    Computers    Electronics    Gift Cards    Grocery &amp; Gourmet Food    Health &amp; Personal Care    Home &amp; Kitchen    Industrial &amp; Scientific    Jewelry    Kindle Store    Magazine Subscriptions    Movies &amp; TV    MP3 Music    Music    Musical Instruments    Office Products    Patio, Lawn &amp; Garden    Pet Supplies    Shoes    Software    Sports &amp; Outdoors    Tools &amp; Home Improvement    Toys &amp; Games    Video Games    Watches  and any subcategory  Get Product  Searching... close 