     All past events are listed below 2011-2012 Season June 1-16, 2013    BAFFA Art Gallery , Holly Black , Photographer;  Saturday &amp; Sunday, 1-4 pm;   Tuesday, Thursday &amp; Fridays – 10 am to 1 pm. June 1, 2013, 4:00 pm - The Bay Area Symphony Orchestra &amp; The Bay Area Chorus , Sayville Middle School, Johnson Avenue,  Sayville  May 18-26 , 2013   -   BAFFA Art Gallery , Pola Lanzaro &amp; Students,   &ldquo;Sumi-e&rdquo;;  Saturday &amp;           Sunday, 1-4 pm;   Tuesday, Thursday &amp; Friday, 10 am -1 pm. Brentwood High Senior Christopher Castrillion captured Best in Show as well as the Jacqueline C. Palmer Award at BAFFA's Annual Student Invitational Juried Art Exhibit, 2013. BAFFA will present the Palmer Award to Chris at the COLORS Concert to be held on June 1st. Photo credit: Sue Miller Each spring, the BAFFA Art Gallery hosts three student art exhibits beginning with the selected artwork of students in the Sayville and Bayport elementary Schools followed by middle school students. BAFFA Board Member Ellen Stoll manages the educational exhibits at the gallery and assists the teachers with the hanging of the art work at the gallery. The student shows culminate with the high school invitational juried exhibit. This exhibit expands beyond local boundaries, in that it includes artwork from high school students from up to ten school districts on Long Island. All of the artwork submitted is selected by the art teachers. Participating district high schools in this year's event were: Bellport, Brentwood, Connetquot, Longwood, Patchogue-Medford, Sachem East, Sachem North, Sayville and William Floyd. Each art entry is identified by only a number and is entered in a specific artistic category. A panel of judges, selected for their expertise in various media, independently view and determine their choices for first, second, third and honorable mention in the specific categories. Scorers then tally the judges' results and pin the appropriate ribbons next to the numbered winning works of art. BAFFA also offers a ribbon for Best in Show as well as the prestigious Jacqueline Carling Palmer Award, a monetary award given to a graduating high school senior applicant by the Palmer Family in memory of former BAFFA Board Member Jacqueline C. Palmer. A brochure noting the entry numbers, students' names and results was distributed to all who attended the week-long event. The BAFFA Art Gallery was all a-buzz on Sunday afternoon, April 29th as students, parents and friends visited the Artists' Reception, eager to view the entries and see what the judges had thought about their work. Brentwood High School Senior Christopher Castrillion proved to be the 2013 overall winner by capturing a blue ribbon for Best in Show as well as the Palmer Award for his oil painting &quot;Still Life with Grapes&quot;. Castrillion, who enjoyed drawing as a youngster, only began working with acrylics and oils three years ago. His favorite artists are from the Surrealism Art Movement and include Dali (he plans to visit the Dali Museum in Florida following graduation) and also the witty and thought-provoking Belgian Painter, Rene Magritte. Janet Velasquez, Brentwood Art Director for Grades K-12 attended the exhibit and stated, &quot;We are very proud of Chris! He is an exemplary student and a stellar example of what an arts education that begins in Kindergarten can do. Of course, Chris' talent speaks for itself, but his accomplishments wouldn't be possible without the dedication of his art teachers. Currently, Chris is enrolled in AP 2A Studio with Ms. Kristin Grossi and Painting with Mr. Howard Block, both amazing Arts Educators. We want to sincerely thank BAFFA for the opportunity to exhibit and celebrate our students' talents.&quot; Castrillion plans to begin college this September where he will major in bio-chemistry and minor in visual arts. He then plans to continue his education by attending medical school. Carole Sheppard Two high School senior applicants were selected to receive a monetary award presented by Women Sharing Art, Inc. at the BAFFA Student Invitational Art Exhibit. The award is given by WSA to a graduating female who will attend art school and/or be enrolled in a college art program. The decision was based on the students' portfolio and mission statement. The 2013 WSA award winners are Sayville High School senior Meagan Mulry (left) and Sachem High School East Campus senior Alissa Naer. Meagan's award winning entry in the Drawing/Pastel Category entitled &quot;Head Rush&quot;, also received a 3rd Place Ribbon from the BAFFA judges in that category. Alissa's entry entitled &quot;Multiple Personality Disorder&quot; received Honorable Mention in the Mixed Media category. Congratulations to both Meagan and Alissa.  April 27–28 , 2013 – BAFFA Art Gallery , High School Invitational Juried Art Exhibit April 6, 2013,  7:30 pm — The Bay Area Symphony Orchestra , Conducted by Dr Richard Wright, Sayville Middle School, Johnson Avenue,  Sayville April 6 thru April 21, 2013 -   Marsha Solomon , Contemporary Still Life Painter, &ldquo;Selected Works&rdquo;;   Saturday &amp; Sunday 1-4 pm;  Tuesday, Thursday &amp; Friday - 10 am to 1 pm.  Artist&rsquo;s Reception, April 7, 1-4pm. Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts cordially invites you to attend a reception in honor of Sakae Shirane in recognition of the gift of her Yamaha Piano to BAFFA Sunday Afternoon, April 14, 2013 from 2 to 4 PM at BAFFA Art Gallery, 47 Gillette Avenue, Sayville, NY. Guest Pianists Dr. Richard Wright, Martha Campanile and Maurice Kemp will perform from 2:45 to 3:15; Refreshments Served. RSVP by April 11 at 631-589-7343 or 631-475-3918. March 24, 2013, 4 pm  - The Bay Area Chorus directed by Martha Campanile, United Methodist   Church, S. Ocean Ave, Patchogue March 2-3, 2013 – BAFFA Art Gallery ,  Bayport-Blue Point  &amp; Sayville Elementary Schools Art Exhibit . March 16-17, 2013 – BAFFA Art Gallery ,  Bayport-Blue Point &amp; Sayville Middle Schools Art Exhibit. February 1-24, 2013   -  BAFFA Art Gallery,   Women Sharing Art Inc ,  &ldquo;SweetARTS&rdquo;,  Multi-        media exhibit;  Saturday &amp; Sundays 12-4;  Tuesday, Thursday &amp; Friday, 10 am-1 pm.  Reception &amp; Student Scholarship Fundraiser, February 2, 5-7 pm, with Refreshments, Raffles &amp; Live Music.   January 19, 2013 , 7:30 pm — The Bay Area Symphony Orchestra , Conducted by Dr Richard Wright  &amp; The Bay Area Chorus , Directed by Martha Campanile with Guest Soloist, April Lindevald, Featuring Music of Elgar &amp; Vaughan Williams, James Wilson Young Middle School, Sylvan Ave, Bayport. November 3, 2012 to  December 2, 2012 -   BAFFA Art Gallery ,   The Bell Street Artists ,  &ldquo;Autumn Symphony&rdquo;  Multi-media exhibit;  Saturday &amp; Sunday - 1 to 4 pm;  Tuesday, Thursday &amp; Friday -           10 am-1 pm.   November 11 - Artists&rsquo; Reception                                                                                                  December 8 &amp; 9, 2012 – BAFFA Art Gallery ,   PALS (Plein Air Limner Society) , 12-4 pm, Artists&rsquo; Reception, December 9. July 29, 2012, 7 pm - &quot;Jane Monheit Home Again&quot; - a benefit concert for BAFFA at Bellport Gateway Playhouse. Watch a You Tube video of JaneMonheit. Click to view more photos form Jane Monheit Benefit Concert Jane Monheit Bio Jane Monheit was raised in Oakdale, New York, and began singing professionally while attending Connetquot High School from which she graduated in 1995. As a child, Jane spent her summers at the UsdanCenter For the Creative and Performing Arts, and is a recipient of their distinguished alumna award. She and her husband, Rick Montalbano, currently serve on the Usdan Leadership Council. Jane graduated with honors from the Manhattan School of Music in 1999, earning a BA in music and receiving the William H.Borden Award for outstanding accomplishment in Jazz. As a finalist in the 1998 Thelonious Monk Jazz Institute's vocal competition, she was first runner-up to Teri Thornton. An extraordinarily gifted jazz vocalist whose sincere and romantic interpretations of exceptional songs has made her a favorite in both the jazz and cabaret worlds, Monheit has garnered numerous accolades in the past decade. Her first album, Never Never Land, was voted top debut recording by the Jazz Journalist's Association and stayed on the Billboard Jazz chart for over a year. Subsequent albums either charted high, or in several cases, debuted at number one, and yielded two Grammy nominations in the Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocals category, recognizing the work of Vince Mendoza on 2002's In The Sun and 2004'sTaking A Chance On Love. An international artist, Jane has performed at most of the major concert halls, cabarets and jazz venues around the globe. She has released eight albums and two DVDs, and has appeared as a guest artist on many others. She appears on the sound tracks of the movies Sky Captain and the World Of Tomorrow and Never let Me Go. Jane has also been a featured performer in the nationally televised Christmas at the White House, the Capitol Fourth of July Celebration, and The National Memorial Day Celebration. Jane spends most of the year on tour with her band which currently includes Michael Kanan on piano, Neal Miner on bass, and Rick Montalbano on drums. She also performs with the major symphonic orchestras throughout the country. We are proud to have the following artists participating in this evening&rsquo;s fundraiser for BAFFA.  The silent auction will begin at 5:30 pm in the Tent on the Patio and will close after the end of the intermission of &ldquo;Jane Monheit Home Again&rdquo;.  Please support BAFFA and enjoy this auction of outstanding pieces of art. John DiNaro is a full-time sculptor and muralist on Long Island, practicing his art since the 1950's. &ldquo;My work began almost as far back as I can remember. I was always doodling and daydreaming. I had the ability to turn my body into energy and become the daydream. My image was a horse with an eagle on its back. This image has carried through to my adult years and is the spirit which is the theme throughout many of my works.&rdquo;He feels hisartwork is not created for ego or fame, but to help elevate the artist to a higher spiritual level.  He has been teaching Arts in Education at both Nassau and Suffolk BOCES for the past 25 years. John is currently involved with the Youth at Risk Program at the Cornell Cooperative in Suffolk County. http://www.bellport.com/horseandeagle/ Adel Gorgy is a Long Island artist whose photographs have been exhibited both nationally and internationally in museums and galleries.  He creates large, complex works, woven into single, harmonious compositions.  Photography has been Adel's lifelong way of sharpening observation, bringing vision to a focus, and heightening awareness.  &ldquo;Amidst the order and chaos in our world,&rdquo; he says, &ldquo;my eyes see always beauty, and my work is a window to my world.&rdquo; www.adelgorgy.com Robert Mielenhausen is a Long Island artist.  He has been creating art for the past 45 years.  The artist attended the New York Institute of Technology and Adelphi University.  His art resides in the collections of private individuals as well as corporate and educational institutions.  Exhibitions include OK Harris Works of Art, NY;  Onward Gallery, Tokyo, Japan;  Architectural Digest Home &amp; Design Show;  and at Viridian Artists, NY.  The artist has had over 20 solo exhibitions.  http://robertmielenhausen.com/ Daniel O'Keefe:   Emotion in Layers …..Although O&rsquo;Keefe&rsquo;s abstractions are at first glance similar with those of his contemporary, Gerhard Richter, they are in reality quite different. Richter's abstractions are produced by &ldquo;pulling the paint in emotionless paths over the canvas,&rdquo; with the purpose of being &ldquo;gestural without being expressive.&rdquo; O&rsquo;Keefe&rsquo;s layered and scraped abstractions are not only gestural and expressive but born from a deeply emotional source that expose layers of tragedy, joy, and rebirth. His life story shows how &ldquo;scraping the surface&rdquo; can capture more than just our cursory attention.For a complete bio visit http://artconvergence.com/Collection/Show/22 Sharon Way-Howard is an elected member of the Salmagundi Club in NYC, where she was the 1st woman Art Chair in their 135 years &amp; is currently 3rd V.P. Sharon is a signature artist of the Baltimore, Rhode Island &amp; Missouri Watercolor Societies, an elected artist of the Pastel Society of America, Audubon Artists, American Artists Professional League, National Art League &amp; several local art leagues along with being a COGAP artist (U.S. Coast Guard artist). Sharon&rsquo;s work has received numerous awards at local &amp; national exhibitions as well as being in private &amp; corporate collections throughout the U.S. and England. Sharon teaches at the Islip Art Museum &amp; is on the board of the Islip Art Committee where she serves as the chair of the art committee.  www.sharonwayhoward.com June30 - July 8, 2012 - &quot;Just Like Heaven&quot; a collection of images by Jennifer Rich at BAFFA Art Gallery. Sat, June 30; 4-8 pm - Reception Sun, July 1; 10 am - 1:00 Sat, July 7; 5-8 pm Sun, July 8; 10 am-1:00 Tues, Thurs &amp; Friday  June 16, 2012, 11:00 to 3:00- &quot;A Little Garden Music&quot; - presented by BAFFA &amp; the Sayville Garden Club. A tour of 5 local gardens, with musical entertainment &amp; artists at work in each garden, plus plant sale. June 2-10 ~ Sharon Way-Howard, &quot;Oh, the Places I've Been&quot; oil, pastel, watercolor, BAFFA Art Gallery Show Hours: 1:00pm - 4pm Saturday &amp; Sunday, June 2 &amp; June 3, June 9 &amp; June 10 Reception 2:00pm - 4:00pm Sunday, June 3 June 2, 7:00 pm - Bay Area Symphony Orchestra and Chorus, Children/Family Pops Concert Bayport-Blue Point High School, Snedecor Avenue, Bayport Names of artists from back left:Barbara Serkin, Lesa Oconnell, Anna Fredericks, Julianna Kirk. Front: Pamela Jean Hanna, Al Bouchard, Louise Hope May 5-20 ~ Glass Creations, &quot;The Cutting Edge: Glass Creations Strip by Strip&quot;, BAFFA Art Gallery The Cutting Edge: Glass Creations Strip By Strip at BAFFA Gallery This May the BAFFA gallery is hosting a unique show at the Gillette House in Sayville. It is an all glass show that is not a common media for any local gallery! The work is mostly a collection of a specific technique, called, strip cutting. This fabrication style enables artists to have amazingly beautiful patterns within the body of their finished pieces. Many of the works to be shown are 3 dimensional bowls and platters. The art is from 9 members of the glass media group of the Long Island Craft Guild. The show is the first 3 weekends in May, Saturdays and Sundays, from 12 to 4 pm at BAFFA. There is an artist reception on Sunday, May 6th at the gallery from 1 to 4 pm. This show is worth taking the time to look at. Stunning technique ! “little bites” Women Sharing Art, Inc . continues to “Share Energy &amp; Explore Artistic Passions” through their multi-media exhibit, “little bites” to be held at the BAFFA Art Gallery , 47 Gillette Avenue, Sayville, NY, February 10,11,12 &amp; 17,18,19 - 2012.    Additionally, the Artists’ Reception and Second Annual Student Scholarship Fundraiser will held on Saturday, February 11, 2012 from 5 to 7 pm at BAFFA. Music for this event will be by James Hubbard’s &quot; Lonely Brook Trio &quot; and there is no admission fee. Please bring your Valentine and enjoy wonderful art, delightful music and awarding of raffle prizes with all proceeds going directly to the student scholarship fund.   Please see www.womensharingart.org/events.asp or call Victoria Beckert at 631-580-3550  for additional information and to purchase raffle tickets. Quilting for Good Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts, Inc. (BAFFA) will be offering free quilting lessons at the BAFFA Art Gallery each Monday and Wednesday from 10am to 1pm during the month of January 2012 . Here is an opportunity for you to learn, become more proficient or assist others with this craft while doing “good” for the arts. All proceeds from the raffle will go towards producing concerts presented by the Bay Area Symphony Orchestra and the Bay Area Chorus . Our Quilt Leaders, Sandra Sievers and Gloria Bleidner of the South Bay Quilters, are both expert quilters who have offered to direct this project. Please call BAFFA at 631-589-7343 to register as well as for important information.  PALS – (Plein Air Limner Society): &quot;A Brush of Long Island&quot; BAFFA presents PALS – Plein Air Limner Society - A group of local artists that travel weekly to different, scenic, historic locations onLong Islandto paint en Plein Air (outdoors), capturing the amazing beauty of local barns, gardens, boats, lakes and trees, and the changing seasons in their artwork. Saturday &amp; Sunday, December 10 &amp; 11. Artists reception on Dec 11 . Admission is free. 12-4 pm. BAFFA Art Gallery BELL STREET ARTISTS: &quot;FLORAL HARVEST&quot; The exhibit will be on display Saturdays and Sundays during the month of November, 2011 from 1 to 4PM in the BAFFA Art Gallery. There will be a reception on Sunday, November 13 from 1 to 4PM , with the opportunity to view the artwork, meet the artists, and enjoy light refreshments.  A piece of artwork will be raffled at the reception, with the proceeds to benefit the Bell Street Artists Scholarship Fund. &quot;Inspiring Artists, Inspiring Art&quot;, The Bell Street Artists is a group of versatile artists, work in a variety of media, including watercolor, acrylic, pencil, pen and ink, scratchboard, sculpture, and photography. For further information, call (516) 314-1883.  Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts (BAFFA) and Women Sharing Art proudly present An Evening with Adel Gorgy. Thursday, October 20, 2011 at 7pm . BAFFA Art Gallery, 47 Gillette Ave., Sayville, NY. Reservations required. Please call BAFFA at 589-7343. What can we learn about life through art and what can we learn about art through life? Come to the BAFFA Art Gallery as Adel Gorgy invites us to seek new ways of seeing life and art through and incredible evening of: listening, discussion, learning, exploring and sharing. Refreshments to be served. Donations will be accepted for improvements to be made to the BAFFA Art Gallery. Click here to download flyer .  For more information about Adel Gorgy, visit www.adelgorgy.com The BAFFA Art Gallery ( Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts ) in Sayville presents &quot;Rhythms…Winter to Fall and Other Works&quot; by Adel Gorgy , an exhibit of photographic art from Saturday, October 1 through Sunday, October 23, 2011 . There will be a reception open to the public on October 1, 2011 from 1 to 4 pm . Admission is free. Adel Gorgy’s large-scale images are all derived from nature and span a time from Winter to Fall. Realism describes nature, Impressionism colors it, Expressionism interprets it and Abstraction reduces it. In Rhythms...Winter to Fall, these boundaries are blurred, imaginary or non-existent. In another group of works, Again…Seeing Art Anew, he employs selected visual phrases taken from great paintings as the basis for new compositions, interpreting and recomposing revered works of art. Gorgy’s images are large, complex works, woven into a single, harmonious composition. In photographs of sunrises, called Horizon in Time, he minimizes and recomposes colors and patterns in the movement of water and skyscapes. Through his work, the artist invites viewers to seek new ways of seeing. “In the end,” he says, “the medium, the technique and the style fall behind or disappear, and only the image remains.” Adel Gorgy lives and works on Long Island and his photographs have been exhibited both nationally and internationally in museums and galleries. The BAFFA Gallery is located at 47 Gillette Avenue, Sayville, NY 11782 Exhibition hours: Tuesday, Thursday, Friday 10 am – 1 pm, Saturday &amp; Sunday 1 – 4 pm For more information, visit www.adelgorgy.com “Friends in Art” Two talented women, who discovered painting together over a decade ago, are showing and selling their art in a collaborative event titled “Friends in Art”. Stunning sunrises, spectacular flowers, exquisite landscapes &amp; radiant moon rises are some of the themes of their paintings Lorraine &amp; Karin are inspired by the beauty found in nature. September 24, 2011, 4:00-7:00pm and September 25, 2:00-6:00pm . Artists Reception on September 25. Admission is Free, donations are greatly appreciated. The Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts (BAFFA) Gallery presents “The Spirit of the Brush” featuring the Sumi-e artwork of Pola Lanzaro and her students. Sumi-e Ink andWashpainting is often referred to as one of the earliest forms of expressionistic art.Ink and water color on rice paper, it is a very meditative type of work, also called Asian Brush Painting. The art-work on display is the work of Pola Lanzaro and her students. Artist Pola Lanzaro , Sumi -e artist &amp; instructor, has exhibited at the Kyoto Museum, Japan, Osaka Fine Art Museum, Japan, Brooklyn Botanical Gardens Steinhardt Conservatory and the Korean Embassy, Washington DC. She is a member of Women Sharing Art and the LI Sumi -Society, where she was past president for eight years Pola is currently teaching a brush painting class at the Islip Art Museum. The exhibit will be on display September10-11and 17-18 from 12:00pm to 4:00 pm at the Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts (BAFFA) Gallery. Artists’ reception will be held on September 11 from 2:00 to 4:00 pm. Admission is free, donations are greatly appreciated.  The concert includes a choral presentation of music from Pippin, Mary  Poppins and The Wizard of Oz.   Also, the Symphony Orchestra presents  music from Star Wars - Epic II, Harry Potter - The Sorcerers Stone, The Wizard of Oz and a Tribute to John Williams.  The concert is free and open to people of all ages! Half Hull model of the Bristol 41.1 Sailing Sloop Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts is proud to present a MARITIME ART EXHIBIT and Kayak Raffle  at the BAFFA ART GALLERY, Gillette House, 47 Gillette Avenue, Sayville  featuring Half Hull Models and Kayaks constructed by Members of the Carmans River Maritime Center www.carmansrivermaritime.org Half Hull Model of Bristol 41.1 Sailing Sloop  Coastal Photography of Sandy Sievers  The Art of Scrimshaw by Folk Artists Joe Novak and Noel Gish  Exhibit Hours:  Sat. and Sun. May 14, 15*, 21 and 22, 2011 from 1 to 4 PM  KAYAK RAFFLE* AT 3 PM/Chances available at Gallery 5/14 &amp; 5/15  Additional Exhibit Hours: May 16 through May 20 from 11 to 3 PM  The public is invited to attend the Artists’ Reception* on Sunday, May 15, 2011 from 1 to 4 PM Refreshments Served WIN A KAYAK at the MARITIME ART EXHIBIT RAFFLE of a Two-Person Kayak built by Members of the Carmans River Maritime Center in Brookhaven www.carmansrivermaritime.org Winning Ticket drawn on Sunday, May 15, 2011 at 3 PM at the BAFFA Art Gallery 47 Gillette Ave. Sayville. Chances $20 each may be purchased at the Gallery on Sat. and Sun. May 14 and 15 ONLY 100 Chances WILL BE SOLD Winner need not be present.  &quot;LOVE IS IN THE AIR&quot; Members of Women Sharing Art Inc. present a multi-media exhibit “Love Is In The Air” at the BAFFA Art Gallery , on February 4, 5, 6, 11, 12, 13 . (see Gallery page for exhibit hours). All are invited to attend the artists’ reception and FIRST ANNUAL STUDENT SCHOLARSHIP FUNDRAISER at the Gallery on February 5 from 5 to 7 pm . Join us for an early Valentine’s event with hors d'oeuvres, wine and music and be sure to purchase raffle tickets to benefit the Scholarship Fund. Winners need not be present at the cocktail party. A scholarship will be awarded in the Spring to an student artist embarking on a college or vocational career. Go to http://www.womensharingart.org/events.asp for raffle tickets and/or call 516-840-3255 for additional information.  PALS - PLEIN AIR LIMNER SOCIETY: &quot;CAPTURING LONG ISLAND&quot; PALS (Plein Air Limner Society) is pleased to announce their 1st Annual Art Show, &quot;Capturing Long Island&quot;, at the BAFFA Art Gallery, December 11 &amp; 12, 12-4 pm with reception on 12/12 . PALS is a group of local artists that travel weekly to different scenic and historic locations on Long Island to Plein Air (outdoors) paint the amazing beauty of local barns, gardens, buildings, beaches, lakes, and trees, and capture it in our art. We invite everyone to come share in our art, come meet some local artists, and see over 20 locations on Long Island through our eyes... in watercolor...oil...pastel...mixed media...photography. For more information, please see www.PALSPleinAir.com BAFFA - BAY AREA SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS CONCERT at Bayport-Blue Point High School on November 20, 2010 at 7:30pm (Click on poster to view PDF file) Announcing Raffle for Two Tickets To Patti LuPone at Tilles Center  There will be a lucky winner of two (2) tickets to a performance by Patti LuPone to be held at the Tilles Center for the Performing Arts on Saturday, December 11, 2010. A multiple Tony Award-winner, Patti LuPone promises to enchant audiences with a night of her favorite songs from the Broadway musicals in which she has starred, among which include: Evita , Gypsy , Sweeney Todd , Anything Goes , Les Miserables , Sunset Boulevard , and Oliver . The tickets will be used as a special fundraising event by a raffle drawing to be held at the BAFFA concert on Saturday evening, November 20, 2010, at 7:30 PM at the Bayport-Blue Point High School Auditorium located on Snedecor Avenue in Bayport. Contact the BAFFA office at 589-7343 for tickets which are 6 for $5.00. Additional raffle chances will also be available at the concert.  For more information regarding the performance visit www.tillescenter.org BELL STREET ARTISTS: &quot;A CORNUCOPIA OF ART&quot; The exhibit will be on display Saturdays and Sundays during the month of November from 1 to 4PM in the BAFFA Art Gallery. There will be a reception on Sunday, November 7 from 2PM to 4PM, with the opportunity to view the artwork, meet the artists, and enjoy light refreshments. A piece of artwork by renowned sculptor, Erwin Lubit, will be raffled at the reception, with the proceeds to benefit the Bell Street Artists Scholarship Fund. &quot;Inspiring Artists, Inspiring Art&quot;, The Bell Street Artists is a group of versatile artists, work in a variety of media, including watercolor, acrylic, pencil, pen and ink, scratchboard, sculpture, and photography.  For further information, call (516) 314-1883. ARTISTS &amp; FRIENDS: &quot;PORTRAIT ARTISTS&quot; September 11,12 &amp; 18, 19th 2010, BAFFA GALLERY , Gillette House Sayville, NY Please join us for the artist reception on Sunday Sept. 19, 12-4pm BAFFA Gallery Hours are 12:00 -4:00pm Sat. &amp; Sun The Artists hail from along Suffolk County and are Members of Wet Paints Studio Group. They have shown in various venues individually on Long Island and in NY &amp; Connecticut including the Phoenix Fine Arts Gallery in Bellport, the Art Student’s League of LI, the Fire Island Light House, the Bayard Cutting Arboretum and Bald Hill Gallery, The Pastel Artists Society, Salmugundi Club and Gallery North. With a range of mediums, they capture a likeness, do commission work and many teach as they continue to seek excellence in their work. BAFFA is hosting this exhibit showcasing their paintings. Come have a look, meet your local artists and enjoy!     BAFFA Website is made possible with funds from The JPMorgan Chase Regrant Program administered by the Huntington Arts Council, Inc. Copyright 2010 Bay Area Friends of the Fine Arts, Inc. 