 Auto Repair Help From The Honest Mechanic Got a car repair or auto insurance problem? Auto Repair Manuals My Auto Repair Ebook Free Newsletter Sign Up Compare Auto Insurance About Me Buying a Used Car? Austin Davis | January 17, 2006 | 3 Replies If you are shopping to buy a used car, read this valuable car buying tip and take a copy of this used car checklist with you. You can save yourself lots of time and frustration by getting used car price quotes from the Internet when shopping for a vehicle. I used them on my last car purchase, and they really saved me a lot of time and money. A local dealership will e-mail you their best deal on the car you are looking for. No hassles, no gimmicks, no time wasted going to dealership to dealership. Just the lowest price on the vehicle you are looking for. But you don’t just want the lowest price when you find a used car. You want a great car in great condition too. Buying a used car is a decision that can affect your quality of life and finances for several years, so make sure to check every item on this used car checklist before making a final decision. Be Ready to Inspect the Car When you are ready to buy a used car, wear old clothes. Bring a rag for handling greasy or dirty items. If desired, also bring clean paper towels and a container of hand-cleaner for cleaning up after performing the inspection. Other items to bring: flashlight small magnet notepad pen or pencil a copy of this checklist Tips If you are meeting a private party, try to get there 15 to 20 minutes early. You may discover the vehicle being prepared for your visit.Try to get the seller to set a time for you to see the car or truck when it has been sitting overnight. You want to see how it will start first thing in the morning, and if any smoke comes from the tailpipe. Always try to inspect during the day, when you can see better than at night. Don&#8217;t be afraid to ask the seller to help or show you something. Take time to perform an inspection to your satisfaction. Don&#8217;t hurry or let yourself be rushed. At some point during a test drive, try to drive at 20 to 30 mph beside a solid center median or beside a solid side wall. Open the window halfway and listen for sounds of the vehicle echoed by the hard surface. You should only hear the sound of the tires on the roadway. For practice, inspect a vehicle you already own. Doing so will familiarize you with the process and also provide a reference point for the vehicle you are considering for purchase. Check the local newspaper, used car lots, and Internet for prices to get a comparable prices before you inspect the car you are considering. Other Concerns Is there evidence of flood damage? By law, this information should be on the title. Signs are upholstery and carpet stains, odor, rust in normally dry areas such as beneath the dashboard and inside the glove compartment, powdery green or white residue inside lowest electrical connectors. Is the owners&#8217; manual in the vehicle? How about the operating instructions for any accessories, and any warranty information that still applies to items like tires and exhaust? Are previous repair and service records available? (Complete records are a sign that the owner has taken good care of the vehicle.) Does seller have clear title to vehicle? Used Car Checklist Exterior Body Are seams where doors and fenders meet even and straight? Are seams where the hood and trunk meet the fenders even and straight? Does a magnet cling to all steel body panels? (Be sure to test fenders, the lower corners of doors, and rocker panels-the areas below doors. If a magnet doesn&#8217;t cling, suspect body filler was used to repair rust or accident damage.) Are all body panels the same color? Has the car been recently repainted? (Look for signs of spray paint on moldings; also check the edges of the doors, hood, and trunk to be sure they are all the same color. Fresh paint may cover rust that will continue to progress.) Tires Do all tires have the same amount of tread? Are all tires the same size? (Check tire size markings on tire sidewalls.) Are all tires the same brand? Is there a spare tire, jack, and lug wrench? If the vehicle has locking hubcaps, is there a key for removing them? Is the spare tire inflated (Press hard against the side with your thumb; the tire should be firm.) Suspension Does the vehicle sit level? Bounce each corner of the vehicle. Do all corners respond the same? (Corners should only bounce once or twice before stopping.) Do you hear a creaking noise when bouncing the vehicle&#8217;s corners? Frame Examine inside trunk, wheel wells, and under hood. Do you see areas that look like they have been crumpled and straightened? Look underneath each side of the vehicle for a row of holes in the frame just inside the vehicle&#8217;s outer edge. Do holes appear scratched or recently cleaned? (If so, suspect the frame has been straightened after a crash.) Gas Cap and Filler Neck Is there a gas cap? Does it fit correctly? (If the cap locks, is there a key?) Remove the gas cap and check inside the filler neck. Is there a fuel-nozzle restrictor to prevent adding leaded fuel? (Most states require them.) Interior Is upholstery in good condition? (Look for tears, stains, and burns.) Are the dashboard and headliner in good condition? Do seats adjust easily? Are any window cranks, door locks, handles, dash controls or similar items missing? Do all interior lights and dash bulbs work? Does carpet condition match the age of the vehicle? Does carpeting smell of mildew or stale water, suggesting moisture underneath (or worse, flood damage)? Check under the dash at the top of the carpet. Are there stains suggesting heater core or air conditioner leakage? Accessories Do all accessories, such as the heater, air conditioner, audio system, and alarm system, operate fully? Test all functions of each. Engine Compartment Are there signs of oil or fluid leaks? Run the engine at full operating temperature. Are there abnormal smells that might be due to leaking fluids on hot engine parts? Are there unusual noises, such as clattering or metallic sounds, or sharp hissing, in the engine compartment when the engine is running? (Normal sound is smooth whirring of belts and fan.) Does anything appear to be missing? (Look for shiny or clean areas where parts may have been removed.) Under the Vehicle Are there fluid leaks on the underside of the engine and transmission, at axle ends, at brake line connections, or on the ground beneath the vehicle? Green fluid is usually antifreeze; reddish fluid is usually power steering or transmission fluid; dark brown or black fluid is usually oil or brake fluid . Are any parts loose, with the exception of exhaust parts slung from flexible rubber &#8220;donuts&#8221;? Does anything appear missing, such as bolts, clamps, brackets or cables? Are exhaust system parts rusty? Are there marks from scrapes, indicating the car has bottomed out on rocks or pavement? Examine exhaust when the car is operating at normal temperature. Do you see white or blue smoke? (Both can indicate an engine problem, especially if the smoke burns your eyes. A small amount of steam is normal, especially in cold weather.)  Performance Engine Does the engine start easily? Does the engine stall at any time? Does the engine idle smoothly? Does the idle speed seem too slow or fast? Does the engine hesitate or stumble on acceleration? Does the engine run smoothly during operation? Does the engine seem to lack power? If the vehicle has cruise control, do all features work correctly? Do engine or other system warning lights appear? Does the engine diesel (continue running) when shut off? Transmission and Clutch Is automatic shifting smooth? On a manual-shift vehicle, is take-off smooth, without grabbing or jerking? On a manual-shift vehicle, accelerate hard in a higher gear (third or fourth) or while going uphill. If engine rpms rise without a corresponding increase in vehicle speed, the clutch could be slipping. It may need to be adjusted or replaced. On a manual-shift vehicle, try shifting to a lower gear when going slowly. Does the transmission shift easily, without grinding? 4-Wheel Drive Engage 4-wheel drive only on soft surfaces unless the owner&#8217;s manual specifically says the feature can be used on hard-surfaced roads. On a suitable surface, test-drive the vehicle in forward and reverse with 4-wheel drive engaged. Does the vehicle shift smoothly in both directions? Turn tight corners to the right and left. Are there clunking sounds or other noises? Do the wheels bind or pull, whether turning or going straight? Brakes Apply the brakes several times at different speeds. Also try a sudden stop. Does the vehicle pull to one side when brakes are applied? Do brakes stop the vehicle adequately? If the vehicle has antilock brakes (ABS), try stopping suddenly. Do wheels lock? (A pulsing brake pedal is normal.) Does the parking brake hold firmly and release completely? Steering Does the vehicle pull to one side during normal operation? Is steering difficult at any speed? Turn sharply in both directions. Do you hear clunking or other noises, or feel rubbing or binding? Does the vehicle shake or vibrate while moving? (Take the vehicle up to freeway speed for this test.) Is the steering wheel centered when the vehicle is traveling straight ahead? This checklist, prepared by Automotive Information Systems , assures you will cover all the bases when checking out a used cars. Related Posts: My Auto Repair Ebook Auto Repair Manuals Swagger Wagon Land Rover Freelander 2 SD4 4&#215;2 Cars That Mothers Prefer Click here to submit your review. Submit your review Name: * Email: * Website: Review Title: Rating: 1 2 3 4 5 Review: * Required Field Check this box to confirm you are human. Tags: used car checklist Category : Car Buying and Selling About the Author ( Author Profile ) Austin Davis is a consumer car repair advocate. "I just like helping people with their car repair problems". I hope this site was helpful to you. Please like me on Facebook and leave a comment or a review of my site. Google+ Subscribe If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it. Comments (3) Trackback URL | Comments RSS Feed CHarles says: February 12, 2013 at 5:35 am I bought a total lemon, probably more like an old lime.  Deama says: February 11, 2013 at 8:47 am I like the checklist you have for used cars, but you should link to it from this article.  used car inspections says: April 6, 2012 at 3:01 pm Some sellers won&#8217;t let you use a magnet to test for rust for fear that it will scratch the car. Another way to check for rust and corrosion, is to look for bubbles forming under the surface of the paint. If there are bubbles, there could be a problem in teh body of the car. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name ( required ) Email ( required; will not be published ) Website Anti-Spam Quiz: 29+1= &laquo; Used Police Car For Sale? My Battery Dies If The Car Sits &raquo; Categories A/C and Heating Auto Insurance Auto Loans Battery/Alternator Problems Brakes Car Buying and Selling Car Reviews Check Engine Lights Exhaust Smoke Exterior Care Front End Problems Head Gaskets How to Find a Mechanic Just For Fun Noises Online Auto Repair Manuals Over Heating Reader Questions Road Trip Tips Running Problems Timing Belts Tire Wear Tires Transmission Issues Tune Up Costs Won&#039;t Start Issues Check Engine Lights ABS &#8211; Traction Control and Air Bag Light On I have a 2001 VW Jetta VR6. A week ago my wife was driving around town and the ABS, Traction Control, and Air bag light came on. She tried to start the car after she got done whit her errands and nothing. Austin Davis | May 24, 2012 | 3 Replies Code PO300 &#8211; Check Engine Light Coming On Reader Question Hello, my vehicle is having issues. It threw a po300 code. Brought it into a local shop that I have dealt with for years and they ran diagnostics and came up with that code. After the diagnostic, I was told that the only thing that would cause it was the timing chain since [&hellip;] Austin Davis | December 16, 2010 | 2 Replies Jeep Cherokee P0455 EVAP Code I have a 2001 Jeep Cherokee that while I am driving it, the speedometer and tachometer gauges drop to the bottom, and come back again after a while. This keeps going on and off. I am getting a display on the tripometer NO BUS. but nothing seems to affect the performance because it still runs well. Austin Davis | March 21, 2008 | 6 Replies Ford Escort ES System Lean Code Engine Light Problem? My question is about a check engine light. I got the code pulled and its saying the system is too lean, I have a 2002 Ford Escort ES edition. Its not a oxygen sensor because the last mechanic I brought it too replaced that and its still on. Can you help? Austin Davis | March 14, 2008 | Reply Over Heating My Toyota is Overheating I noticed that my car (2004 Toyota Camry) started overheating. The Radiator is not broken or blocked. I use Radiator Coolant. Within Two days, the car soaked four liters of Radiator Coolant. My mechanic said I need to change the Radiator. I am skeptical. Please what do you advise? Hey there, So you are having [&hellip;] Austin Davis | August 21, 2013 | Reply My Car is Still Overheating The overheating in my 99 Dodge Intrepid 3.2 has stumped two mechanics. First let me go through the list of replacements/procedures that I have had: Thermostat Reservoir Tank Flushed Radiator Replaced Radiator Carbon Testing Replaced Intake Manifold (bleeder valve seat broke and began to spew anti freeze) New Water Pump and Timing Belt Bled, Bled, [&hellip;] Austin Davis | July 16, 2013 | 2 Replies Pressure Test Cooling System Reader Question Hey Austin, you mentioned in a previous post to another question that the guy should get a cooling system pressure test to determine where his coolant leak might be in his car engine. Why would you need to do that if there is a leak, can&#8217;t you see it? Shannon D. [&hellip;] Austin Davis | January 8, 2013 | Reply Car Overheating Reader Question I have a 95 Toyota corolla, and I just replaced the radiator and the thermostat. The engine wants to run hot at lower speeds and when I stop when I take off again it runs fine at 55 and above but it does not want to run hot at idle and in park. [&hellip;] Austin Davis | January 8, 2013 | 2 Replies Search Austin Davis  Recent Posts My Toyota is Overheating My Car is Still Overheating My Car Hit a Curb &#8211; Front End Damaged? Automatic Transmission Making Whine Noise Should I Change My Car&#8217;s Transmission Fluid? Blown Headgasket Sealer Repairs Engine Steam Cleaning Coolest Pool Table Ever ABS Light is On Pages About Me Auto Repair Manuals Compare Auto Insurance Contact Me Disclaimer-Privacy-TOS Free Newsletter Sign Up My Auto Repair Ebook Windshield Replacement Quotes  &copy; 2013 Auto Repair Help From The Honest Mechanic. All rights reserved. Premium WordPress Themes . By Austin Davis 