 Parenting Baby Products Search Baby Products Newborns Infants 3-12 Mos. Toddlers 1-4 Yrs. Share Free Baby Products Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Top 8 Convertible Car Seats By Heather Corley , About.com Guide Convertible car seats can be used both rear-facing for infants and forward-facing for toddlers. Weight ranges vary on these car seats, so consider your child's height and weight before buying a car seat . All car seats in the U.S. meet minimum safety standards, but based on my experiences as a child passenger safety technician, as well as the experiences of other techs, these car seats are easy to install in many vehicles, hold up well over time and are easy to adjust for proper harness fit. All of these car seats have high rear-facing weight limits so you can keep baby safely rear-facing to about age 2, or beyond. 1. Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. I love the ease of use for the Marathon 70. When you're installing this car seat, there are built-in lock-offs, so you won't struggle to get the seat belt locked appropriately. If you're using LATCh to install, the premium push-button connectors make it simple to attach and detach the belt. Britax is one of few companies that allow the use of the top tether both rear- and forward-facing, too. The updated Marathon 70 uses the new Britax Safe Cell technology, which helps dissipate some energy to reduce forward motion during a crash. Britax also uses thicker webbing on the harness straps, so they're unlikely to get twisted with normal use. The Marathon 70 has a no-rethread harness that lets you adjust harness height without uninstalling the car seat. 5-40 lbs rear-facing, up to 70 lbs forward-facing. About $230. 2. Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. Used with permission. The My Ride 65 car seat was the first in the U.S. to feature a 40 lb. rear-facing weight limit. The forward-facing limit is 65 lbs. The infant padding is great for helping smaller babies fit into a seat that is also made to accommodate a larger toddler. I like the separate, color-coded LATCH straps for rear-facing and forward-facing installations, so there's no confusion as to which to use. Best of all, this is a sturdy car seat with plenty of EPS foam for impact protection, a reasonably tall shell, and high harness slots for about $150, which puts some of these excellent features in reach for many more families. Read Review 3. Britax Roundabout 55 Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. This updated version of the popular Britax Roundabout features higher weight limits and some of the newest safety technology at a very nice price. You still get the premium push-button LATCh connectors, thicker harness straps, rear- and forward-facing tether, and built-in lock-offs as you do with other Britax car seats. You'll have to rethread the harness to adjust the height with the Roundabout 55. You should get 5 or 6 years out of this car seat with an average child, since it's generally outgrown by height first, and this seat has a nice, tall shell. 5-40 lbs rear-facing, up to 55 lbs forward-facing. About $160. 4. The First Years True Fit Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. Used with permission. This new convertible car seat from The First Years has a lot of the features I like to see in car seats but comes in under $200. The True Fit rear-faces to 35 lbs., and the removable headrest makes rear-facing installations easier in smaller vehicles. The forward-facing limit is 65 lbs. and when you add the headrest again, the shell is tall to give a longer useful life. You can adjust harness height without rethreading any straps. Built-in lock-offs help with tricky seat belt installs. I also like that the True Fit car seat has infant padding to keep infants from sliding around in a car seat that is also designed to fit much larger children. 5. Britax Boulevard 70 Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. The Boulevard 70 has height-adjustable side impact protection and a no-rethread harness . It's easy to move the "wings" by baby's head up and down to get the perfect fit each time. The side wings are the biggest difference between the Boulevard 70 and the other Britax convertible car seats shown here. Built-in lock-offs make seat belt installs easy, and the push-button LATCH connectors make installing and uninstalling with LATCh simple. Like other Britax convertible car seats, the top tether can be used both rear- and forward-facing. The Boulevard 70 also has the new Safe Cell technology. A Boulevard 70 CS version is available, too. The only difference is a clicking indicator for harness tightness. 5-40 lbs rear-facing, up to 70 lbs forward-facing. About $270. Read Review 6. Evenflo Triumph Advance Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. Used with permission. The Evenflo Triumph Advance has some of the same nice features of more expensive car seats, but at a budget-friendly price. It has an EPP foam liner, a no-rethread harness and a knob-style harness adjuster that's accessible from either side. The Triumph Advance car seat has a rear-facing limit of 35 lbs., and a forward-facing limit of 50 lbs. The shell of this car seat is taller than some other convertible seats, which should mean that most kids will get a few months extra use out of it. For budget-conscious families, this is a great car seat that allows extended rear-facing and harnessing for about $130. The straps are more likely to twist on this seat than on pricier car seats, so you will need to smooth them each time. 7. Sunshine Kids Radian 65 Folding Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. Used with permission. The Radian car seat has a good 65 lb. weight limit and the ability to be tethered rear- and forward-facing. The narrow base makes it easier to fit several car seats in your vehicle, but the Radian car seat still has plenty of comfort for your baby thanks to a roomy seat space and forward-facing recline option. This car seat folds for travel outside the car, and can even fit in an airline overhead bin. Rear-faces 5-40 lbs.(models made in or after Sept. 2008, prior to that the rear-facing limit was 35 lbs.), forward-faces to 65 lbs. The Radian 65 has a unique forward-facing recline option that adds comfort for older kids on long trips. Radian car seats can be hard to find in retail stores, but can easily be purchased online. About $230. If you're hoping to use this car seat for your baby from birth, you may want to upgrade to the Radian 80 car seat, which comes with infant padding to help little babies fit the seat better. 8. Cosco Scenera 5-Point Harness Convertible Car Seat Photo courtesy of Pricegrabber.com. Used with permission. One of the most economical car seats available, the Cosco Scenera doesn't offer bells and whistles, but it will keep baby safe in the car without blowing a strict budget. The five-point harness model offers simple harness adjustments and a removable seat cover for easy cleaning. I love that this seat has a 35 lb. rear-facing weight limit, which is higher than some others under $100. The four harness heights and three buckle positions help the Scenera fit a wide range of babies and toddlers. As on many inexpensive car seats, the harness straps may twist a lot, and should be smoothed with each use to keep baby safe. The LATCH connectors are very basic and not always easy to use, but this is to be expected on a car seat that costs less than $50. The Scenera also makes a great, lightweight car seat for airline travel. Read Review Readers Respond: How Long Did/Will Your Child's Car Seat Stay Rear-Facing? Why? Read responses (142) Share Your Reasons Related Car Seat Information All About Baby Car Seats Car Seat Safety Mistakes Used Car Seats - Are They Safe? Car Seat Questions Do Car Seats Expire? Do I Have to Buy an Infant-Only Car Seat? How Long Should My Baby Stay in a Rear-Facing Car Seat? Related Articles Choosing a Convertible Car Seat Graco My Ride 65 Car Seat Review - Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat How to Choose a Convertible Car Seat Britax Marathon Car Seat Review - Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat Toddler Car Seats - Car Seats for Toddlers and Preschoolers Heather Corley Baby Products Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum See More About buying a car seat baby safety products baby travel gear Related Video Install a Toddler Car Seat How to Install an Infant Car Seat How to Install a Booster Seat More Baby Products Videos Explore All About.com Videos Top Related Searches britax marathon convertible car seat minimum safety standards convertible car seats child passenger safety top tether Explore Baby Products Must Reads Basic Baby Needs Checklist What to Buy When You're Having a Baby All About Baby Car Seats First Birthday Gifts Current Baby Products Recalls Most Popular Top 10 Lightweight Baby Strollers Top 10 Toys for One-Year-Old Babies Rear-Facing Car Seats Best Toys for 6 Month Old Babies Top 8 High Chairs for Baby By Category Baby Gift Guide Preparing for Newborns Car Seats Strollers & Travel Gear Swings, Saucers & Bouncers Toys & Games Books & Videos Baby Feeding Products Baby Clothes Diaper Bags & Baby Carriers Baths, Diapers & Potties Cribs & Nursery Products Best Infant Products Best Toddler Products Recalls and Safety Baby Products About.com Parenting Baby Products Car Seats Top Convertible Baby Car Seats Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 