 [if (gte IE 6)&(lte IE 8)]> <script type="text/javascript" src="/templates/txdmv-home/js/selectivizr-min.js"></script> <noscript><link rel="stylesheet" href="/templates/txdmv-home/css/style.css" /></noscript><![endif] skip to main content [if lte IE 7]><link href="http://txdmv.gov/modules/mod_maximenuck/themes/css3megamenu/css/ie7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /><![endif] Motorists Dealers Motor Carriers  Motorists New to Texas Register Your Vehicle Registered Texan TexasSure - Insurance Verification Buying or Selling a Vehicle Title Check - Look before you buy Bought a vehicle without a title? Get a copy of your title Add/Remove a lien on a vehicle Out of State and Imported Vehicles Trailers Off-Highway Vehicles How to Find the VIN License Plates Specialty License Plates Sponsoring a Specialty License Plate Plate Auctions eView Disabled Parking, Placards & Plates For Our Troops Memorial Day Consumer Protection Auto Theft & Burglary Prevention Don't Make a Move Without Us Lemon Law Dealer Closures TxDMV.gov Calendar Work with Us Tax Assessor-Collectors ABTPA Grantees Lienholders Contractors/Vendors Careers Dealers Licensing Dealer License Application Process Application Status Check Dealer Services Dealer Training Seminars Motor Vehicle Inquiry Exhibitions & Shows eTags eTags 101 Making eTags Work for You Troubleshooting Dealer License Plates Electronic Lien / Titles TxDMV.gov Calendar Work with Us Tax Assessor-Collectors ABTPA Grantees Lienholders Contractors/Vendors Careers Motor Carriers Commercial Fleet Registration Apportioned Registration Forestry Registration Multi-Year Fleet Registration Token Trailers TxDMV Number Unified Carrier Registration NAFTA Permits Oversize / Overweight Permits Holiday Hours & Movement Restrictions Compliance Texas Size / Weight Limits TxPROS Information & Tutorials Quick Start Guide Outreach & Training Complaints Against a Motor Carrier TxDMV.gov Calendar Work with Us Tax Assessor-Collectors ABTPA Grantees Lienholders Contractors/Vendors Careers  [if lte IE 7]><link href="http://txdmv.gov/modules/mod_maximenuck/themes/blank/css/ie7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /><![endif] Contact Us 1-888-DMV-GOTX 1-888 (368-4689) Email Us More Contact Options »  [if lte IE 7]><link href="http://txdmv.gov/modules/mod_maximenuck/themes/css3megamenu/css/ie7.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /><![endif] Contact Us  Motorists TxDMV » Motorists » Buying or Selling a Vehicle Buying or Selling a Vehicle  Buying or Selling a Vehicle Buying a Vehicle Selling a Vehicle Special Situations More Information Buying a Vehicle If buying from an individual, have the seller accompany you to the county tax office to avoid unwanted surprises. Before submitting the title application, a tax office representative can tell you if the title being signed over to you is correct and if it has any salvage or legal issues. You can also use Title Check to see if the title of the vehicle you are thinking about buying has any issues impacting its value. 130-U Application for Texas Certificate of Title In addition to the title, ask the seller to provide you with the signed vehicle title application, Form 130-U, and any other supporting documents, such as a release of lien or power of attorney. Keep a written record that includes the name and address of the seller, date of sale and vehicle information, including the VIN. Failure to title a vehicle within 30 days from the date of sale may result in delinquent transfer penalties. You must provide proof of liability insurance when you title and register your vehicle. If you do not provide proof of insurance, you may apply for ‘title only’ using Form VTR-131, Application for Title Only. VTR-131 Application for Title Only If the transaction takes place on a Saturday or Sunday and the seller chooses to remove their license plates and registration sticker from the vehicle, you will need to download aVehicle Transit Permit. This will allow you to legally drive the vehicle to the county tax office, or if the county tax office is closed, to a place of your choice.This permit is valid for five calendar days and only one permit may be issued per vehicle sale. Get a Vehicle Transit Permit. If you buy your vehicle from a dealer, the dealer is required to file the title application on your behalf, so you will not have to visit the tax office. Make sure the dealer provides you with a receipt showing the vehicle has been titled in your name. Vehicle Color TxDMV collects vehicle color information. Please refer to the Color Chart when completing a vehicle title application. Vehicle Color Chart Fees If buying from an individual, a motor vehicle sales tax (6.25 percent) on either the purchase price or standard presumptive value (whichever is the highest value), must be paid when the vehicle is titled. The standard title, registration and local fees are also due. Contact your county tax office to estimate the amount of sales tax due and to learn which forms of payment are accepted. Acceptable forms of payment vary by county. Title Application Processing Time Please allow a minimum of 20 business days for processing of your title application. If there is a lien on the vehicle, the lienholder will receive the title. If you have not received your title within 30 business days, please contact us. Title Correction If you receive your title and notice that your name is misspelled, please contact your local county tax office. If the department or the county made the error, the error can be corrected at no charge. If the department issued the title based on the information contained in the title application, you or your lienholder (if applicable) will need to submit a new application and fee to your county tax office to correct the error. Selling a Vehicle Vehicles are required to be titled in the buyer's name within 30 days from the date of sale. Failing to properly transfer a vehicle into the buyer's name could result in the seller being held responsible for tickets, toll violations or even crimes committed with the vehicle. To ensure this doesn't happen to you, accompany the buyer to your county tax office and make sure a vehicle title application is filed. A dealer is not required to title in the dealership’s name if you sell or trade-in your vehicle to a licensed motor vehicle dealer. The vehicle stays in your name until it is sold to an individual, which may take months or some cases, years. To protect yourself, file a Vehicle Transfer Notification. When a vehicle transfer notification is received, TxDMV updates the motor vehicle record to show the vehicle as sold. When you file the notification within 30 days from the date of sale, you cannot be held responsible for parking tickets and toll violations that have been committed by the person who purchased the vehicle. Submit a Vehicle Transfer Notification. If you submit a Vehicle Transfer Notification and are still receiving parking tickets and/or tolls, you may contact the department for a confirmation letter or submit a Form VTR-275, Request for Texas Motor Vehicle Information, that shows the month and year the vehicle was transferred. VTR-275 Request for Texas Motor Vehicle Information Provide the buyer with a properly signed title, including the date of sale and odometer reading and a signed Application for Texas Certificate of Title, Form 130-U, with the sales price clearly shown. A seller should keep detailed written records of any transaction, including contact information for the buyer, the date of sale and information on the vehicle, including the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN). 130-U Application for Texas Certificate of Title Special Situations To Gift a Vehicle To give a vehicle as a gift to a relative or qualifying 501(c)(3), the signed negotiable title and completed Form 130-U, must be provided by the recipient to the county tax office to title the vehicle. The title application must be accompanied by Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts Form 14-317, Affidavit of Motor Vehicle Gift Transfer. The donor and recipient must both sign the affidavit and title application. A $10 gift tax applies to a person who receives the vehicle from a: spouse, parent or stepparent, grandparent or grandchild, child or stepchild, sibling, guardian, decedent’s estate, or a non-profit 501(c)(3). 130-U Application for Texas Certificate of Title Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts Form 14-317 In Case of Divorce If a vehicle is awarded as a result of a divorce decree, give a certified copy of the decree to your county tax office and apply for title. If the decree does not award the vehicle, a properly assigned title (where your ex-spouse signed the title over to you) will be required. Death of Spouse If your spouse had a will, the vehicle becomes part of the probate process. If your spouse did not have a will, you can fill out a Form VTR-262, Affidavit of Heirship for a Motor Vehicle. VTR-262 Affidavit of Heirship for a Motor Vehicle More Information For more information about vehicle title transfers, please call us at (888) 368-4689 and (512) 465-3000, or send us an e-mail. A Consumers Guide to Car Buying How to Spot a Flood-Damaged Vehicle Title Check Look Before You Buy <div class="itemBackToTop"><a class="k2Anchor" href="/motorists/buying-or-selling-a-vehicle#startOfPageId49">back to top</a></div> Find Your Local Office ﻿ Find your County Tax Office Anderson Andrews Angelina Aransas Archer Armstrong Atascosa Austin Bailey Bandera Bastrop Baylor Bee Bell Bexar Blanco Borden Bosque Bowie Brazoria Brazos Brewster Briscoe Brooks Brown Burleson Burnet Caldwell Calhoun Callahan Cameron Camp Carson Cass Castro Chambers Cherokee Childress Clay Cochran Coke Coleman Collin Collingsworth Colorado Comal Comanche Concho Cooke Coryell Cottle Crane Crockett Crosby Culberson Dallam Dallas Dawson Deafsmith Delta Denton Dewitt Dickens Dimmit Donley Duval Eastland Ector Edwards El Paso Ellis Erath Falls Fannin Fayette Fisher Floyd Foard Fort Bend Franklin Freestone Frio Gaines Galveston Garza Gillespie Glasscock Goliad Gonzales Gray Grayson Gregg Grimes Guadalupe Hale Hall Hamilton Hansford Hardeman Hardin Harris Harrison Hartley Haskell Hays Hemphill Henderson Hidalgo Hill Hockley Hood Hopkins Houston Howard Hudspeth Hunt Hutchinson Irion Jack Jackson Jasper Jeff Davis Jefferson Jim Hogg Jim Wells Johnson Jones Karnes Kaufman Kendall Kenedy Kent Kerr Kimble King Kinney Kleberg Knox La Salle Lamar Lamb Lampasas Lavaca Lee Leon Liberty Limestone Lipscomb Live Oak Llano Loving Lubbock Lynn Madison Marion Martin Mason Matagorda Maverick McCulloch McLennan McMullen Medina Menard Midland Milam Mills Mitchell Montague Montgomery Moore Morris Motley Nacogdoches Navarro Newton Nolan Nueces Ochiltree Oldham Orange Palo Pinto Panola Parker Parmer Pecos Polk Potter Presidio Rains Randall Reagan Real Red River Reeves Refugio Roberts Roberston Rockwall Runnels Rusk Sabine San Augustine San Jacinto San Patricio San Saba Schleicher Scurry Shackelford Shelby Sherman Smith Somervell Starr Stephens Sterling Stonewall Sutton Swisher Tarrant Taylor Terrell Terry Throckmorton Titus Tom Green Travis Trinity Tyler Upshur Upton Uvalde Val Verde Van Zandt Victoria Walker Waller Ward Washington Webb Wharton Wheeler Wichita Wilbarger Willacy Williamson Wilson Winkler Wise Wood Yoakum Young Zapata Zavala  ﻿ Find your Regional Service Center Abilene Amarillo Austin Beaumont Dallas Corpus Christi El Paso Fort Worth Houston Longview Lubbock Midland-Odessa Pharr San Antonio Waco Wichita Falls  ﻿ Find your RSC by County Anderson Andrews Angelina Aransas Archer Armstrong Atacosa Austin Bailey Bandera Bastrop Baylor Bee Bell Bexar Blanco Borden Bosque Bowie Brazoria Brazos Brewster Briscoe Brooks Brown Burleson Burnet Caldwell Calhoun Callahan Cameron Camp Carson Cass Castro Chambers Cherokee Childress Clay Cochran Coke Coleman Collin Collingsworth Colorado Comal Comanche Concho Cook Coryell Cottle Crane Crockett Crosby Culberson Dallam Dallas Dawson Deaf Smith Delta Denton Dewitt Dickens Dimmit Donley Duval Eastland Ector Edwards El Paso Ellis Erath Falls Fannin Fayette Fisher Floyd Foard Fort Bend Franklin Freestone Frio Gaines Galveston Garza Gillespie Glassock Goliad Gonzales Gray Grayson Gregg Grimes Guadalupe Hale Hall Hamilton Hansford Hardeman Hardin Harris Harrison Hartley Haskell Hays Hemphill Henderson Hidalgo Hill Hockley Hood Hopkins Houston Howard Hudspeth Hunt Hutchinson Irion Jack Jackson Jasper Jeff Davis Jefferson Jim Hogg Jim Wells Johnson Jones Karnes Kaufman Kendall Kenedy Kent Kerr Kimble King Kinney Kleberg Knox La Salle Lamar Lamb Lampasas Lavaca Lee Leon Liberty Limestone Lipscomb Live Oak Llano Loving Lubbock Lynn Madison Marion Martin Mason Matagorda Maverick McCulloch McLennan McMullen Medina Menard Midland Milam Mills Mitchell Montague Montgomery Moore Morris Motley Nacogdoches Navarro Newton Nolan Nueces Ochiltree Oldham Orange Palo Pinto Panola Parker Parmer Pecos Polk Potter Presidio Rains Randall Reagan Real Red River Reeves Refugio Roberts Robertson Rockwall Runnels Rusk Sabine San Augustine San Jacinto San Patricio San Saba Schleicher Scurry Shackelford Shelby Sherman Smith Somervell Starr Stephens Sterling Stonewall Sutton Swisher Tarrant Taylor Terrell Terry Throckmorton Titus Tom Green Travis Trinity Tyler Upshur Upton Uvalde Val Verde Van Zandt Victoria Walker Waller Ward Washington Webb Wharton Wheeler Wichita Wilbarger Willacy Williamson Wilson Winkler Wise Wood Yoakum Young Zapata Zavala  Motorists Toolbox Forms Publications Title Manual Registration Manual How Do I? ﻿ Select from list Avoid buying a stolen vehicle? Complain against a mover? File a lemon law complaint? File a vehicle transfer notification? Get a copy of my title? Get a copy of my registration receipt? Register my vehicle? Transfer my license plates?  SPV Calculator Calculate the standard presumptive value of your vehicle. More Feedback Survey Contact Us Learn More About Us Reports & Data Forms Media Site Map Work with Us Tax Assessor-Collectors ABTPA Grantees Lienholders Contractors/Vendors Careers Join the Conversation Driver's Privacy Protection Act Disclaimer Privacy Policy Accessibility Transparency Statewide Search Report Fraud, Waste or Abuse Print Page Copyright © 2013 Texas Department of Motor Vehicles. All rights reserved. - 4000 Jackson Ave, Austin, TX 78731 