 0 items  Home Request a Visitors Guide Video Room Maps &amp; Travel Tools Insider Experts Blog Online Tickets Travel Offers & Getaways Events Explore The Area Explore The Area Regions & Communities Discover diverse communities with lots of charm. Learn More History & Culture Uncover a gateway to bygone adventure. Learn More Climate & Weather What will the weather be like for your visit? Learn More LaPorte County by Season Experience four incredible seasons. Learn More Where To Stay Where To Stay Bed & Breakfasts Discover charm, history and elegance. Learn More Hotels & Motels Discover comfortably familiar surroundings. Learn More Resorts Discover pampering for all the senses. Learn More Vacation Homes Discover the limitless possibilities. Learn More RVs & Campgrounds Discover a selection of great campsites. Learn More Things To Do Things to Do Attractions Discover a unique mix of things to see and do. Learn More Dining & Nightlife Discover a great meal to fit any occassion. Learn More Arts & Entertainment Discover a range of options to help you escape. Learn More Orchards, Farms & Gardens Discover the bounty of Mother Nature. Learn More Shopping Discover a shopper's paradise and more. Learn More Sports Discover new activities to enjoy together. Learn More History & Culture Discover interesting stories from our past. Learn More Top Ten Discover the best of Michigan City LaPorte. Learn More Getting Here Things To Do Top Ten Attractions Dining &amp; Nightlife Arts &amp; Entertainment Shopping Sports History &amp; Culture Orchards, Farms &amp; Gardens  Get Yours Today View Offers Home Things to Do Arts &amp; Entertainment Filter Your Results Type Attractions Dining Arts &amp; Entertainment Shopping Recreation History &amp; Culture Region All City of LaPorte Area LaPorte County Michigan City Area Hesston Area Westville Area State of Indiana Rolling Prairie Area LaCrosse Area Wanatah Area Other Michigan City LaPorte Arts & Entertainment The art of escape With summer theater and community theater as well as year-round productions that rival stages in the big cities, Michigan City LaPorte is well positioned to whisk you off to imaginary places and times. Discover how local artists capture the beauty and spirit of the County as you tour galleries and studios. You might even find a piece or two to take home with you—keeping your getaway alive in your memories. Let the music move you as the LaPorte County Symphony Orchestra brings the joy of live music to your vacation. Or set up your chair under the stars for an outdoor concert with the Municipal Band in Washington Park or Fox Park. Acting Theatre of Michigan City Indiana's only all-orginal theater. Productions year-round featuring dance, music, lights, comedy, and drama for the family in a unique 75-seat theater. Workshops for children. T: 219.872.4221 View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Art & Earth Trail The trail is meant to be experienced one family at a time or by a few visitors traveling via their own personal vehicle to 'off-the-beaten-path' places such as studios, galleries, in-home studios, farms, inns, etc. T: 800.634.2650 | E: info@laportecountycvb.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Blink Contemporary Art Blink is a unique combination of working studio and contemporary art gallery. One hour from Chicago and 30 minutes from South Bend, we are located in the historic district of Michigan City, Indiana. T: 773.206.0426 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Captain Ed's A pirate themed candy store with a free pinball arcade, a classic 1970's record shop, an entertainment exchange with CD's, DVD's, video games, a chrome and automotive accessories shop and a furniture store. One-quarter mile east of Marquette Mall on ... more T: 219.872.6294 | E: edbeut@gmail.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Carol Block - Artist Limited edition prints altered digitally, prints from 35MM negatives, some playful, others thoughtful, using scanners, silver emulsions hand painted on unorthodox surfaces such as wood, art paper and other surpirses. T: 773.593.8366 | E: seeblock@hotmail.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Dunes Summer Theatre Lovely indoor theater tucked in the woods. Performances June, July, August, September. Dunes Art Foundation provided adult and children's theatrical productions. Call for schedule and directions. T: 219.879.7509 | E: info@dunessummertheatre.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Ed Wedow's Custom Made Sculptures Ed Wedow is the original metal sculptor in LaPorte making butterflies, dragonflies, humming birds, flowers and fairies. Ed also makes custom metal artwork to order. Come and see the unsurpassed quality and originality of Ed's work, not just more ... more T: 219.326.5027 | E: maryewedow@yahoo.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Festival Players Guild/Mainstreet Theatre Year round theatre...Our 45th 10-week Canterbury Summer Theatre Season of summer stock musicals and comedies presented by a talented acting company. Variety of programming Sept - May. Group rates and packages. T: 219.874.4269 | E: info@festivalplayersguild.org | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Fine Wood Turning Tamlin's Fine Wood Turnings has been serving the Indian community since 2003. We specialize in wood turnings and we offer quality and reliable service you can count on. T: 219.326.6190 | E: geo36san@frontier.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Footlight Players, Inc. Amateur community theatre providing live entertainment since 1950. Performances generally the first 2 or 3 weekends of each even month. Musical admission fee is $12.00, with regular plays $10.00. Reservations are strongly recommended. T: 219.874.4035 | E: info@footlightplayers.org | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Hesston Steam Museum Three gauges of steam trains, steam crane, sawmill and traction engines. Specials: 4th of July, Father's Day, Labor Day weekend, Halloween Ghost Train, Santa's Candy Cane Express and Civil War Re-enactment. T: 219.778.2783 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Higdon Studio Hal Higdon works as an author and artist. One of his 33 books includes "The Crime of the Century". His specialty is Pop Art paintings with brilliant primary colors. Hal Higdon works out of his home overlooking Lake Michigan in Long Beach. T: 219.879.0133 | E: halhigdon@attbi.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Hook Pottery Paper Jon Hook and Andrea Peterson, working together in an environmentally conscious effort, create functional pottery, handmade paper and woodblock prints as well as handmade soaps and candles. T: 219.362.9478 | E: hookpotterypaper@comcast.net | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share If you Can Dream it, I can Paint it Furniture, portraits, murals, faux finishes. If you dream it, I can paint it. Located in the same building with Joy of Flowers. T: 760.917.3119 | E: Artist.LisaRene@yahoo.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore/Mt. Baldy Mount Baldy is located about 2 miles west of Michigan City on US Hwy. 12. This 123 foot sand dune is within the boundaries of Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore. Picnicking, restrooms, hiking and vistas of Lake Michigan and its southern shoreline.... more T: 219.926.7561 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore/Pinhook Bog The national lakeshore's Pinhook Bog consists of about 580 acres -- 145 of which make up a floating peat mat. A "moat" -- about 45 acres of wetlands -- separates the bog proper from the surrounding upland habitat. Pinhook Bog is a unique natural area ... more T: 219.926.7561 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Jennifer Willey Michigan City, via the South Shore Line ....full color poster by artist Jennifer Willey. 18 X 24 - Retail $35. email jennifer.willey@hotmail.com T: 219.874.9030 | E: jennifer.willey@hotmail.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Jeselskis Potteries Paul has created unique designs in functional and sculptural pottery. He is well known for his stunning and vibrant glazes with colors ranging from reds, yellows, blacks, golds, and blues. Each year Paul exhibits many new designs. T: 219.873.9543 | E: pmjjr@comcast.net | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Kassal Studio, Inc. Kassal Studio, Inc. is known for unusual, expressive oil paintings, drawings and photography as well as poster illustrations. T: 219.229.2002 | E: connie@kassal-studio.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Kimberly's Clay Creation All the jewelry made by KimberlysKlayKreations is made from my heart. As a little girl, I always loved playing with clay and making it into shapes and forms. I like to use molds, cutters and my imagination to manipulate the clay and to create new ... more T: 219.561.7736 | E: kimberlysclaycreation@gmail.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte Area Lake Association, Inc. The LaPorte Area Lake Association is a volunteer organization, comprised of businesses and residents, both on the lake and surrounding neighborhoods, who are concerned about the quality and health of our lakes. To ensure continued enjoyment of these ... more | E: info@laportelakes.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte Civic Auditorium The Civic Auditorium hosts receptions, theater, concerts, sporting events, including college basketball and professional boxing. Special event space available. T: 219.362.2325 | E: civicdirector@cityoflaporte.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte County CVB Artist's Gallery You’ll find fun and surprises year-round in our art gallery. We feature local artists that work in all mediums. The art exhibits change every four to six weeks. T: 219.872.5055 | E: info@michigancitylaporte.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte County Historical Society Museum With more than 80,000 items on display, this museum houses LaPorte County family heirlooms, the W.A. Jones Antique Firearms Collection, and the Kesling Automobile Collection. A 2009-2011 AAA Gemsite. Research area. T: 219.324.6767 | E: info@laportecountyhistory.org | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte County Symphony Orchestra A symphony full of “surprises” providing a wide range of quality musical performances. Enjoy pops, classical, children’s programming, special matinees or the widely acclaimed Hoosier Star vocal competition. For dates or to purchase tickets visit ... more T: 219.362.9020 | E: executive@lcso.net | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte Little Theatre Celebrating our 88th season, LaPorte Little Theatre is located in a historical former church. Performing musicals, comedies and drama for all ages. Groups welcome, handicap accessible. $12 all seats. Visit our Facebook page. T: 219.362.5113 | E: laporteltc@yahoo.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share LaPorte New Church-Swedenborgian This beautiful and peace-filled sanctuary is the perfect setting for weddings and is open to all who desire God’s blessing on their union. Call for a wedding appointment (219-362-1769) or to book a tour of this historic church or for other ... more T: 219.362.1959 | E: halle310@comcast.net | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Laura Hernandez Myers Studio Laura Hernandez-Myers was born with the gifts and great love for art and creativity. She has been drawing, painting and writing since the early years of her childhood. She finds that she is most comfortable when lost in her world of art and poetry. ... more T: 219.393.6704 | E: lauraspaintbrush@yahoo.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Lincoln Highway The Lincoln Highway across LaPorte County explores Indiana’s unique role in Lincoln Highway history and celebrates Indiana’s place in early automotive and road-building history. It was established across northern Indiana in 1913. The Lincoln ... more T: 260.471.5670 | E: janshupert@yahoo.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Long Beach Old School Community Ctr. Harbart and Lake's Edge Galleries in the Old School Community Center exhibit contemporary art from the Michiana area. T: 219.879.3845 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Lubeznik Center For The Arts World class art exhibitions in 5 galley spaces and outdoor sculpture collections, after hours events, special programs and artful gifts in the Gallery Shop. T: 219.874.4900 | E: artinfo@lubeznikcenter.org | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Lubeznik Center for the Arts Lakefront Art Festival 32nd annual juried outdoor art festival features photography, sculpture, wearable, 2 & 3 dimensional art and fine craft, children's activities and food vendors. Free offsite parking and shuttle. T: 219.874.4900 | E: artinfo@lubeznikcenter.org | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Michigan City Chamber Music Festival Enjoy the privilege of great chamber music performed by some of the country's most eminent classical musicians. Congenially informative concerts for children and adults. Summer and winter series. T: 219.561.1939 | E: nicsunnysophia@yahoo.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Michigan City Concerts Association, Inc Professional artists ply their talents on stage for audiences awed by their performance. MCCA offers youth outreach programs for local area secondary schools. Season tickets include reciprocities with LaPorte, Valparaiso, Portage and Munster. T: 219.362.3665 View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Mike Papp There is something in metal art that takes me on a journey to the past, when heating the steel back to melting temperature I am undoing what man has made with machinery. I turn it into an expression of something simplistic. When I am cutting out a ... more View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Mixsawbah State Fish Hatchery View this trout and salmon state fish hatchery that annually produces 680,000 fish. Call ahead for weekend business hours or to make an appointment for group tours. T: 219.369.9591 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Nature's Whimsy Welcome to Nature's Whimsy!You are invited to explore nature through a new perspective - one that offers a whimsical look at the beauty, intricacy, and dynamic colors found in the world around us.Studies of tropical flowers, spring leaves, ... more T: 219.861.1922 | E: barbarajbalis@gmail.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Neil Kienitz Studio and Gallery Having worked in watercolor all my life, I am excited to also be adding oils in portraying the beauty and serenity within the people and places I find compelling. I also do commercial work including posters, murals, and commissioned portraits. T: 219.872.0206 | E: nkienitz@neilkienitz.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Old Library This is a neoclassical structure of Indiana limestone, with a columned portico, a marble interior, and 12-foot high Tiffany style stained glass windows depicting the Shakespearean figures Rosalind, Portia, and Ophelia. The Old Library is the ... more T: 219.874.9931 | E: cornershophope@hotmail.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Old Lighthouse Museum Original 1858 light station structure, 8 display rooms, Great Lakes history, shipwrecks, era of sailing ships, local history and more. T: 219.872.6133 | E: mchistorical@att.net | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Patricia Molden Pastels Patricia Molden draws inspiration for her paintings from the natural beauty that surrounds us daily. Her quiet, rural landscapes, vivid beach scenes, and lush still lifes pay homage to these abundant gifts. T: 219.326.5392 | E: pmoldenart@aol.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Picture Perfect Roy has combined a long time interest in photography with a new found love of custom picture framing utilizing the finest in art conservation materials and methods. To see more of his work or for any framing needs please call. T: 219.324.9163 | E: roydude3@hotmail.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Pine Elementary Magnet School for the Visual & Performing Arts The "Owl and Pussycat" resides on the east side near the front entrance of Pine Elementary Magnet School for the Visual and Performing Arts. "Owl and Pussycat" is a whimsical steel sculpture created by Beverly Shores artist Richard Kiebdaj. The piece ... more T: 219.873.2114 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Pinhook Methodist Church Built in 1847 is the oldest standing church in LaPorte County. This pioneer landmark, restored in 1987 has no church affiliation & is owned by the Pinhook Cemetery Assn. This 157 yr. old church is open for weddings, tours of 10 or more April 1 - Oct. 31. T: 219.785.4347 View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Presbyterian Church Fine Arts Series Enjoy a variety of vocal and instrumental music, drama, dance, and are exhibits. All programs are free of charge. Contact us for a schedule of the season's cultural events. T: 219.362.6219 | E: church@laportepresbyterian.org | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Purdue University North Central Featuring the PNC Sculpture Garden, paintings by Jason Poteet and works by George Sugarman. Many arts programs are scheduled throughout the year. Public tours are available free of charge. T: 800.872.1231 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Sally Signorino's Fun Art Objects Sallie applies her unique style to the creation of whimsical and humorous shadow boxes incorporating vibrant colors and multidimensional designs. Wooden shapes with rich, textured acrylic paint come to life with movement and rhythm. They are configured, T: 219.874.4127 View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Schmidt-Marken Designs Come visit the pottery gallery & gift shop featuring hand thrown stoneware pottery, ornaments, stained glass, jewelry, artwork, wood and selected crafts by more than 15 artists. T: 219.785.4238 | E: schmidt4marken@aol.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share South Shore Regulators Band We play what we call outlaw country rock and are based in Valparaiso. T: 219.405.1102 | E: ed.ross@ufsc.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Southern Shore Art Association Located in the middle of the Uptown Arts District, the SSAA supports local and regional artists with monthly exhibitions and exhibit openings on First Fridays. | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Steel Art Gallery The only thing that equals Leonard Cross's love of art is the enjoyment he gets in creating metal sculpture. From his walking man and his collection of tables and lamps to the collection of his many whimsical subjects, Leonard's kinetic works of art T: 219.878.1577 | E: lccross@adsnet.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Temple News Agency Established 1918, today we're LaPorte's only old-fashioned soda fountain,espresso bar and Internet cafe. Newspapers, lunch, gourmet products and old-fashioned charm. Every Tuesday 7pm-9pm and Sunday 2pm-6pm acoustic music jams. Come sit in, play or ... more T: 219.362.2676 | E: tmplnewz@csinet.net | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Terrawood Design Terrawood Design Company is a full service, artist led design/build Company specializing in interior architectural elements and custom furnishing. T: 219.229.5613 | E: chrisgrohs@mac.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share The Yellowstone Trail The Yellowstone Trail began in South Dakota in 1912 as an automobile route across America. The Yellowstone Trail Association located a route, motivated road improvements, produced maps and folders to guide the traveler, and promoted tourism along its ... more | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Trouble Blind Band Trouble Blind band is available for bookings for weddings, festivals, bars, and special events. The six-piece group has a repertoire of more than 125 songs, ranging from oldies to newer tunes, and classic rock to country. The multi-talented members ... more T: 219.326.0172 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Uptown Marketplace Saturday morning tradition in Michigan City's Uptown Arts District. Enjoy the culture and history of Downtown Michigan City while steps away from Lighthouse Place Outlets. Local and homegrown vegetables, fruits, flowers, jams and more. Fresh-baked ... more | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Walnut Ink Gallery The gallery specializes in contemporary paintings, drawings, sculpture, installation and photography and represents work by a diverse group of emerging, mid-career and established artists, many of whom have achieved international recognition and ... more T: 219.229.5613 | E: chris@walnutinkgallery.com | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Wanatah Historical Society Museum The Wanatah Historical Society Museum is dedicated to the preservation and display of historical objects and photographs with significance to LaPorte County and the Wanatah Area. Our railroad museum is dedicated to the preservation of the rich history ... more T: 219.733.2822 | W: View Website View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Weigel Studios Specializing in representational and abstract prints, drawings and handmade books, her recent works incorporate natural forms, often highlighted by texture and expressive color. T: 219.326.6027 | E: weigelstudios@hotmail.com View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share Wolf Studio Arts Armina's award-winning painting and sculpture is in institutional and private collections, featured in national publications and PBS television. Currently, she is working on a bronze sculpture for the Univ. of Indianapolis. Always portraying God's ... more T: 219.362.2558 | E: awstudioart@csinet.net View Details Add To Trip Planner Map It Share  Meetings &amp; Group Travel Press &amp; Media Government and Local Community About the CVB About LaPorte County R.O.S.E. Award Nomination Comments, Questions and Feedback Advertising Opportunities Tourism Partners Privacy Statement Terms of Use Link to Us Contact Us Site Map Home Our Partners  Connect with Us Michigan City LaPorte on Facebook Follow Michigan City LaPorte on Twitter Watch Michigan City LaPorte on YouTube View Michigan City LaPorte on Flickr Subcribe to our RSS feed  Keep Informed Sign-up for E-News Today!  Tourism Internet Marketing by VERB 