 Register About Us Advertise Our Writers Contact Us Khloe Kardashian and Mario Lopez Land X Factor Hosting Gig Hulk Hogan Suing Friend and Gossip Site Lindsay Lohan To Get Protection Order Against Dad? Justin Verlander and Kate Upton Are Dating Says Verlander’s Grandpa Justin Bieber Punks the Media! Nelly’s Tour Bus Filled With Heroin! Robert Pattinson Getting Close to Mystery Blonde? Bubba the Love Sponge Behind Hulk Hogan Sex Tape? Justin Bieber Plays Beer Pong? Cissy Houston Worried About Bobbi Kristina Mila Kunis ‘Sexiest Woman Alive’ The Hogan Family Is In Trouble! Chris Brown Breaks Up With Girlfriend Because Of Rihanna Did Eric Johnson Cheat On Jessica Simpson? Nicki Minaj And Mariah Carey Fight During Idol Auditions! News Politics Business Weird News Good / Sad News ENTERTAINMENT Ask Shae Seriously? Funny Photos HUMOR Arts Books Comedy Culture Gaming Entertainment Videos THE DAILY FIXES Featured Articles Rants/Raves Models Sexy or Not Photos VIDEOS Celebrity Film &#038; TV Reality Shows Music SPORTS Baseball Basketball Football MMA Sports Videos TECH &#038; SCIENCE Gadgets Rides Technology Video Life &#038; Style Food Healthy Living Style Travel Parents Weddings Divorce VIDEOS Entertainment Videos Technology Video Sports Videos Celebrity Videos Funny Videos + THE DAILY FOXES + TDFox Contestants Menu News Politics Business Weird News Good / Sad News ENTERTAINMENT Ask Shae Seriously? Funny Photos HUMOR Arts Books Comedy Culture Gaming Entertainment Videos THE DAILY FIXES Featured Articles Rants/Raves Models Sexy or Not Photos VIDEOS Celebrity Film &#038; TV Reality Shows Music SPORTS Baseball Basketball Football MMA Sports Videos TECH &#038; SCIENCE Gadgets Rides Technology Video Life &#038; Style Food Healthy Living Style Travel Parents Weddings Divorce VIDEOS Entertainment Videos Technology Video Sports Videos Celebrity Videos Funny Videos + THE DAILY FOXES + TDFox Contestants Passed Out &amp; WTF!?  Celeb Plastic Surgery  Celebrity Gallery  Khloe Kardashian and Mario Lopez Land X Factor Hosting Gig Well, it’s finally official; Khloe and Mario will be co-hosting the X Factor once it goes live in November. The rumors had been out there awhile, but... Read more &raquo; Hulk Hogan Suing Friend and Gossip Site There once was a time when pissing off Hulk Hogan would get you body slammed, but now it just gets you sued. The former pro wrestler is... Read more &raquo; Lindsay Lohan To Get Protection Order Against Dad? You know you might have one screwed up family when your mom is pressuring you to get a permanent order of protection against your own father.Dina Lohan... Read more &raquo; Justin Verlander and Kate Upton Are Dating Says Verlander’s Grandpa There have been rumors before about Justin Verlander and the perfect Kate Upton, but nothing was ever really confirmed. Sure, Kate was cheering on Verlander back in... Read more &raquo; Justin Bieber Punks the Media! Justin Bieber was apparently really bored this past week and decided to play a little trick on everyone. It all started after a performance at the Tacoma ... Read more &raquo; Latest News Celebrity Khloe Kardashian and Mario Lopez Land X Factor Hosting Gig Well, it’s finally official; Khloe and Mario will be co-hosting the X Factor once it goes live in November. The... Read more &raquo; Celebrity Hulk Hogan Suing Friend and Gossip Site There once was a time when pissing off Hulk Hogan would get you body slammed, but now it just gets... Read more &raquo; Celebrity Lindsay Lohan To Get Protection Order Against Dad? You know you might have one screwed up family when your mom is pressuring you to get a permanent order... Read more &raquo; Baseball Celebrity Justin Verlander and Kate Upton Are Dating Says Verlander’s Grandpa There have been rumors before about Justin Verlander and the perfect Kate Upton, but nothing was ever really confirmed. Sure,... Read more &raquo; Celebrity Justin Bieber Punks the Media! Justin Bieber was apparently really bored this past week and decided to play a little trick on everyone. It all ... Read more &raquo; Celebrity Nelly’s Tour Bus Filled With Heroin! Things got a little “too hot” for Nelly yesterday morning when his tour bus was raided by police at a... Read more &raquo; Breaking Stories Khloe Kardashian and Mario Lopez Land X Factor Hosting Gig Hulk Hogan Suing Friend and Gossip Site Lindsay Lohan To Get Protection Order Against Dad? Justin Verlander and Kate Upton Are Dating Says Verlander’s Grandpa Justin Bieber Punks the Media! Nelly’s Tour Bus Filled With Heroin! Robert Pattinson Getting Close to Mystery Blonde? Bubba the Love Sponge Behind Hulk Hogan Sex Tape? Justin Bieber Plays Beer Pong? Cissy Houston Worried About Bobbi Kristina Mila Kunis ‘Sexiest Woman Alive’ The Hogan Family Is In Trouble! Chris Brown Breaks Up With Girlfriend Because Of Rihanna Did Eric Johnson Cheat On Jessica Simpson? Nicki Minaj And Mariah Carey Fight During Idol Auditions! Popular News News Selena Gomez embraces Islam Ok, so Selena Gomez was trying to evade the paparazzi, but how is looking like a Muslim woman with her... Read more &raquo; News Lady Gaga with no make-up makes us want to gag-gag You know how you felt when you first watched that nightmarish clown in Stephen King's IT? Well, that same feeling... Read more &raquo; News Tokio Hotel should check out and go back to where they came from Germany, this is ridiculous and you should knock it off.  And everyone else in the world who supports this kind... Read more &raquo; News Katy Perry Topless Photos&#8230;Probably Fake Sometimes life isn't fair. Then sometimes, we make it fair . Take, for instance, this Katy Perry topless picture (huge nipples... Read more &raquo; News Rihanna plans to &quot;leak&quot; nasty naked photos of Chris Brown Rihanna is tasting blood, and she likes the taste of it. According to a pal of hers, she believes her... Read more &raquo; News Rihanna nude photos leaked to the net&#8230;wonder who would do such a thing(sarcasm) Racy naked photos allegedly depicting pop star Rihanna have been leaked on the web.Six photos have shown up on... Read more &raquo; Facebook Headlines Popular Comments Khloe Kardashian and Mario Lopez Land X Factor Hosting Gig Well, it’s finally official; Khloe and Mario will be co-hosting the... Hulk Hogan Suing Friend and Gossip Site There once was a time when pissing off Hulk Hogan would... Lindsay Lohan To Get Protection Order Against Dad? You know you might have one screwed up family when your...  Selena Gomez embraces Islam Ok, so Selena Gomez was trying to evade the paparazzi, but... Lady Gaga with no make-up makes us want to gag-gag You know how you felt when you first watched that nightmarish... Tokio Hotel should check out and go back to where they came from Germany, this is ridiculous and you should knock it off.  And... conseula says: Now who could be surprised that the wedding w... Kim Kardashian is suing ex-publicist for telling everyone the truth about her marriage scam conseula says: Now who could be surprised that the wedding w... Kim Kardashian is suing ex-publicist for telling everyone the truth about her marriage scam Jamie says: I can totally see it. She gives the fakest in... Is Emma Stone a Bitch? Jamie says: I can totally see it. She gives the fakest in... Is Emma Stone a Bitch? Sexy or Not Sexy or Not: Girls with Bananas I'm sure I don't have to explain to you the phallic... Sexy or Not? Girls with Ice Cream Ah... Thick. White. Creamy. Drippy. Sweet. Oh, you thought I was... Sexy or Not? Girls with Snakes Ssssssnakes. Sexy by themselves? Oh, not even a little bit. Wrap... ENTERTAINMENT OPRAH&#8217;S &#8216;AHA MOMENT&#8217; NOW TO BE DEFINED IN NEXT EDITION OF MERRIAM-WEBSTER For its 2012 edition, the folks at Merriam-Webster have announced that... Katy Perry and John Mayer &#8211; Hot or Not? So, Katy (Cutie) Perry and John (Lothario) Mayer have been spotted... Lady Gaga Rumored To Have Hired New BFF Lindsay Lohan to Appear in Gaga&#8217;s Next Music Video LiLo and Gaga recently caused an internet uproar when they began... Weird News Father Saves His 5-Year-Old From Falling Off Cliff – Gets TWO TICKETS From Police If there was ever a good excuse for not spending time... Road Crew Paints Over Dead Raccoon (Seriously) JOHNSTOWN, Pa:You can thank motorcyclist Sean McAfee for snapping the above photo... Woman Attempts To Rob Subway Restaurant With Her Two Kids In The GETAWAY CAR – Gets TASERED A mother of two soon to be very damaged children got...  About Us Delivering your daily fix of entertainment, celebrity gossip, politics, humor and more. Twitter Feed Twitter feed loading... Categories Register About Us Advertise Our Writers Contact Us Pages Register About Us Advertise Our Writers Contact Us Copyright © 2012 TheDailyFix.com 