  <nav role="navigation"></nav> Home Self Realization Of Katy Perry Inspired &#8220;Roar&#8221; Posted August 27th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Self Realization Of Katy Perry Inspired &#8220;Roar&#8221;" &raquo; Katy Perry presented a wonderful fashion moment during the MTV Video Music Awards at Sunday night. According to reliable source, Kate informed that her new dress was inspired by her new solo “Roar”. It is informed that Katy wore a leopard print dress that was length up to her knee. Across the top of the dress, there were complete fur-esque pieces. In an interview, Katy stated to Coco Jones, the correspondent of Access Hollywood that she ordered the dress on the purpose of her new album. Moreover, Katy also expressed information about “Roar” that is performed on a stage under the Brooklyn Bridge. The scenario was set in such a way that it appeared to look like boxing ring. The singer is of the opinion that the inspiration behind the song is to express the feelings of self realization. It is evident that in most of the cases the songs speaks about bullying and some related subject. That is undoubtedly significant while sometimes one became the biggest bully of oneself. Katy further informed that sometimes an individual finds him or herself in the center of attraction of his or her life. In the period, personal relationship and success of an individual becomes the most important factor of the life. She also informed that the songs of this album are the result of her self realization. She told that she suddenly realizes that personally she was little bit immature. This realization encourages Katy to gain strength and enable her to write the songs that reveals the thoughts of herself. Image/News Source : http://www.accesshollywood.com/ Tags: katy perry Ben Affleck Signed By Warner Bros. For Their Next On Superman Posted August 25th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Ben Affleck Signed By Warner Bros. For Their Next On Superman" &raquo; Hollywood heartthrob, Ben Affleck will star as batman in the next Superman movie. He is to create an entirely new version of Bruce Wayne residing in the Gotham City. Zack Snyder, the director of the film was very excited over the casting of the much-awaited movie. The Warner Bros. will produce the untitled film, featuring Ben Affleck as the Batman for the first time. In this multi starrer movie, Batman and Superman will appear together for the first time ever. Zack in a press release on Thursday remarked that he is confident that Ben will do justice to the fictional character of Batman. Zack has some remarkable collection of feature films to his success. A particular mention must be made of the popular “Man of Steel”. He is reputed for creating his own version of popular thought. Zack Snyder in the press release also added that Ben Affleck will be a fascinating counter-balance to Clark Kent alias Superman. Both the characters of Clark Kent and Bruce Wayne have their respective charms. While the former is a simple photographer, the latter is a billionaire. They put on their mask of a super hero when the see the world turned topsy-turvy by the cruel deeds of the evil powers. Both the childhood fantasy heroes bear the scars of the crime fighter. Snyder is very excited to be a part of the project and hoping to begin in 2014 with a July 2015 scheduled for release. The other Hollywood actors who were shortlisted for the role of the Dark Knight were Orlando Bloom, Ryan Gosling, and Josh Brolin among others. Image/News Source : http://www.thehollywoodgossip.com/ Tags: ben affleck First &#8220;Hollywood Legend Award&#8221; Bestowed To Producer Jerry Weintraub Posted August 23rd, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "First &#8220;Hollywood Legend Award&#8221; Bestowed To Producer Jerry Weintraub" &raquo; Carlos de Abreu, executive producer and founder of Hollywood Film Awards declared that they are going to honor the eminent and creative producer, Jerry Weintraub with the inaugural “Hollywood Legend Award” in the 17th Annual Hollywood Film Awards. “Hollywood Legend Award” is the special award the respective authority has decided to present to the individual who has offered excellent contributions to the entertainment and the film industry from this year onwards. In the words of Carlos, it is perhaps the best way to honor the true Hollywood legend, Jerry Weintraub, who produced several legendary films that include Diner, Ocean’s Eleven, Nashville, and Karate Kid film series. He also informed that the Award would be bestowed on October 21 this year, at the Hollywood Film Awards Gala Ceremony at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills. It is being informed by a reliable source that this year the prolific producer produced Behind the Candelabra, the HBO film. It is worthy to mention over here that Michael Douglas and Matt Damon star the movie that is nominated for the 13 Emmy Awards. In his career of Jerry Weintraub promote a number of films that include Bob Dylan, Elvis Presley, Led Zeppelin, Frank Sintara and many other movies. He is also the one to manage several talents among them mention must be made of The Carpenters, John Denver, and The Moody Blues. Carlos also stated that in the last decade, total 34 Oscars and 96 Oscar nominations were given to the winner of the Hollywood Film Awards. He also expressed that they are really proud and honor to start the start the Hollywood awards season. Image/News Source : http://www.hollywoodnews.com/ Tags: Hollywood Legend Award Lady Gaga Calls Perez Hilton &#8220;Sick Stalker&#8221; on Twitter Posted August 21st, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Lady Gaga Calls Perez Hilton &#8220;Sick Stalker&#8221; on Twitter" &raquo; Perez Hilton and Lady Gaga are engrossed in a Twitter quarrel. According to a source, the renowned singer states that the celebrity gossip foundation is harassing herself as well as her family. The singer criticized the gossip blogger for criticizing the music of the singer as well as her unabashed love for Katy Perry. She strongly stated that the sole aim of her life is to produce music and make people happy. Referring to the injury in hip that took place in the early part of the year and forced the artists to cancel her trip, she stated on the Twitter that Perez sent her a text message at the day of her accidents. It is certain that a high amount of tensions are running between them, but it is overdriven while Gaga was informed by her fan that Hilton was spotted at her apartment building. Gaga supposedly verified that with the security and then attacked Hilton on Twitter and wrote to keep distance from her and her family. She further added that with the intention to harass her, Hilton is going to rent an apartment in the building. She pleaded to leave her alone as being a human being she has a certain limit of patience and endurance power. Perez directly responded by re-twittering addressing his quarrel with Gaga. He wrote that he was very shocked and hurt to find that his good friend Gaga, whom he used to call in the name “wifey”, was making some false allegations about him publicly. He also added that these imaginary and defamatory allegations have put him in a false position. He also suggested Gaga’s fans to buy her music to show their support to her instead of sending death threats. Image/News Source : http://www.thehollywoodgossip.com/ Tags: Lady Gaga , Perez Hilton Kirsten Storms Expecting a Baby Girl from her Marriage with Brandon Barash Posted August 21st, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Kirsten Storms Expecting a Baby Girl from her Marriage with Brandon Barash" &raquo; Actors of the popular soap ‘General Hospital’, Brandon Barash and Kirsten Storms, who had recently exchanged vows, are expecting their first child. According to sources, the couple is expecting a baby girl and is equally excited to wait for the D-day. The expected baby girl is due in coming on January 2013. The information was confirmed by Brandon who had earlier appeared for an interview to the ‘People’. The actor was very excited to inform about their solemn marriage ceremony last June and their excitement on hearing the news of new member coming to their family at the dawn of New Year. The ‘General Hospital’ actor, Kirsten Storms even tweeted about the matter and confirmed the information. Both actors are heartily moved by the overwhelming response they are getting from their fans. Brandon even added that they took extreme caution to keep the news away from media glare. The couple was highly interested to keep matters simple and avoid any tension or rush as they feared that anything might turn out to be wrong during the initial trimester. The star however mentioned that his wife had a rocking time visiting the hospital timely. On a lighter note, Kirsten even tweeted that Bradford Anderson, who is presently playing the character of Spinelli, will even become an ‘honorary uncle’ of her expected child. However, when asked about the same subject over Twitter, Brandon simply rubbished the matter as a joke. ‘Access’ reported that the pregnancy event of Kirsten would not be featured in the show for ‘GH’. Image/News Source : http://www.accesshollywood.com/  Ethan Hawke Shares His Private Info With ELLE On The Occasion Of &#8220;Getaway&#8221; Posted August 18th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Ethan Hawke Shares His Private Info With ELLE On The Occasion Of &#8220;Getaway&#8221;" &raquo; Ethane Hawke was recently interviewed by ELLE for its September 2013 issue. The star in his early forties shared some interesting details related to his personal life and conjugal days with Uma Thurman. His latest thriller “Getaway” is slated to be released in the theatres on August 30. When Ethan Hawke was asked about Debbie Reynolds he let bare some fantastic and practical suggestion provided by the star. The latter had her share of hard life. So, the advices she gave to Ethan came quite naturally. Ethan too is quite impressed with the guidance, which is clearly evident from the fact that he is overwhelmed. He stated that had he received those advices earlier in his life he would have avoided making so many mistakes. Talking about his marital life, he said that he took the major decision to stop himself from going out of control. His early success had made him bohemian. So, Ethan decided to draw a line to put a check on his wayward actions. But his verdict proved to be wrong. Consequently, he concluded that a man will never stop leading an unruly life until he is twenty eight. Ethane Hawke was certain of his failure in marriage. He had given up all his ideas of being happy in nuptial bonds. He grew to be fond of Derek Jeter’s optimistic words. The baseball star commented that he plays for the New York Yankees. In addition, as long as he continues to do so he would remain single. Image/News Sources: http://gossipcenter.com Tags: Ethan Hawke Major Participants Of Hollywood Network Program Declared By Hollywood Film Festival Posted August 16th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Major Participants Of Hollywood Network Program Declared By Hollywood Film Festival" &raquo; The Hollywood Network Program that involves a well built team of industry professionals with representatives from all participating platforms including digital media, agencies, independents and many more is launched by the Hollywood Film Festival. Executives from Paradigm, CAA, Showtime, Roku and Preferred Content are listed as the participants of the program. To build up proper connection between the global creative community and Hollywood is one of the basic missions of the Hollywood Film Festival. HFF wants to advance the concept to the next level with their recent Hollywood Network Program. To present different films is the center of attraction of the Festival. The Festival serves as an important platform to allow the independent filmmakers to show their innovative idea in filmmaking. In other words, the Festival serves as an excellent opportunity for new directors looking for a break. Jon Fitzgerald, executive director of Hollywood Film Festival expressed that the program would initiate a series of meetings between professionals of Hollywood industry and independent filmmakers. He further stated that the team of the Festival hopes that this connection would become helpful for providing information and access as both the parties play a vital role in progress of this ever changing business. The purpose of the Hollywood Film Festival is to discover promising filmmakers. According to the reliable source, this year the 17 th Hollywood Film Festival will unveil on October 17, 2013. The festival will continue up to October 21 at the ArcLight Cinemas in Hollywood. It is reported that some finalists of the Festival are acquired by IFC, HBO, Starz, and Miramax. Image/News Source : http://www.hollywoodnews.com/  Toronto Film Festival 2013 Turns Out To be Major Platform, Rather Than Cannes Posted August 14th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Toronto Film Festival 2013 Turns Out To be Major Platform, Rather Than Cannes" &raquo; Organizers of Toronto Film Festival, have brought out the official list containing names of films that would be screened during the event on September 5, 2013. the lists, so far, appears to be objective than Cannes. The repertory member of Lars von Trier, Jean-Marc Barr compared Cannes with a G8 summit. He said that it has become a corporate entity. On the other hand, Toronto Film Fest can be compared to a laboratory for testing experimental films with audiences of North America. However, This year’s Toronto Film Festival may boast Oscar contenders with films like The Fifty Estate, 12 Years a Slave, August: Osage County, Gravity, Mandela: The Long Walk to Freedom. However, a lot of expectation and curiosity has evolved surrounding The Wind Rises, a special film by Hayao Miyazaki. Apart from these, there are other attractions that are heating up expectations from various sections. Toronto Film Festival, 2013 will showcase a revenge comedy, Bad Words, a directorial debut venture by Jason Bateman. The festival will also premiere an adaptation of Child of God. In addition, Joseph Gordon-Levitt will also come up with Don Jon, his directorial debut. The film list this year includes domination of character studies, with screening of biopic films like Mandela: The Long Walk to Freedom; The Fifth Estate by Bill Condon that is going to feature Benedict Cumberbatch as Julian Assange; and even, 12 Years a Slave by Steve McQueen. The festival is also going to see a world premiere of All the Wrong Reasons by Gia Milani and McCanick by Josh C. Waller. Image/News Source : http://www.hollywoodnews.com/ Tags: Toronto Film Festival Prince Avalanche – A Poetic Movie Failing to Capture Audience Attention Posted August 12th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Prince Avalanche – A Poetic Movie Failing to Capture Audience Attention" &raquo; Prince Avalanche, an original film having endearing spirit, which is rather indescribable. The characters and their uncomfortable predicament are certainly hard to forget. Yet, a series of endless quiet frames and long footages of natural landscape turns out to be monotonous. A relatively loose remake of Either Way, an Icelandic movie released on 2011, Prince Avalanche certainly fails to offer anything special in comparison to the original one. The story of the movie, directed by David Gordon Green, revolves around two protagonists, who are road workers. They are on a duty to repaint yellow lines down the middle of a rural stretch on Texas highway, after the region is ravaged by a dangerous wildfire. Paul Rudd plays the character of Alvin who is the romantic boss equipped with appreciation for solitude and filled with wilderness skills. Alvin engages to compose long missives for girlfriend, Madison. He indulges in musing the serene tranquility and beauty of Mother Nature. The dimwitted brother of Madison, Lance (played by Emile Hirsch) is a party animal, highly obsessed with sex. He doesn’t enamor with natural wonders, but is interested to visit town in order to get laid. A prominent scene entraps the encounter between Alvin and an elderly woman, searching for lost memories in the ashes of her charred house. This particular scene is notable since the scene is realistic with real character under real situation of a forest fire at Bastrop County at Texas, in 2011. However, the plot eventually sweeps away in monologues of a burnt forest. However, the film captures the depth of simplicity of the immature character of Hirsch. Image/News Source : http://www.hollywoodnews.com/ Tags: David Gordon Green Dick Clark Production Joins Hand With Hollywood Film Awards Posted August 12th, 2013 by Carly & filed under News . Read more on "Dick Clark Production Joins Hand With Hollywood Film Awards" &raquo; Carlos de Abreu, co-founder of Hollywood Film Awards that honors excellence in filmmaking, declared their partnership with Dick Clark Productions. This year 17th Annual Hollywood Film Awards will commence on 23 October, which usually indicates the beginning of the awards season of Hollywood. According to the source, the event will take place at the Beverly Hilton Hotel located in Beverly Hills. The chief executive officer of Dick Clark Production stated that the Hollywood Film Awards has awarded the excellent cinematic talent since the last 16 years and turned the event to a magnificent one. He then added that their production house would offer all types of assistance to add more glory in the event. On the other hand, Carlos informed that they were excited that Dick Clark productions joined their hand in celebrating the excellence of Hollywood cinema. The Hollywood Film Awards held in October 1997 at Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Hollywood for the first time. Carlos de Abreu and his partner Janice Pennington honor the talent in the art of filmmaking of Hollywood Films in various categories that include Hollywood Actor Award, Hollywood Supporting Actor Award, Hollywood Actress Award, Hollywood Career Achievement Award, Hollywood Breakthrough Performance Award, Hollywood Supporting Actress Award, Hollywood Editor Award, Hollywood Director Award, Hollywood Ensemble Award, Hollywood Comedy Award, Hollywood Production Designer Award, Hollywood Screenwriter Award, Hollywood Animation Award, Hollywood Film Composer Award, Hollywood Cinematographer Award, Hollywood Humanitarian Award, Hollywood Visual Effects Award, Hollywood Leadership Award, Hollywood Breakthrough Director Award, Hollywood Costume Designer Award Hollywood Makeup and Hair Award, and New Hollywood Award. Image/News Source : http://www.hollywood.com/ Tags: Hollywood Film Awards 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 >> Last Celebrities News Angelina Jolie Oprah Winfrey Beyonce Knowles Brad Pitt Justin Timberlake Jay-Z Tom Cruise Kanye West Jennifer Lopez David Beckham Miley Cyrus Tiger Woods Cameron Diaz Spice Girls The Police Madonna Johnny Depp Bon Jovi Sean &quot;Diddy&quot; Combs Alicia Keys Jennifer Aniston Nicole Kidman J.K. Rowling Ronaldinho Gwen Stefani Will Smith Celine Dion Kobe Bryant Kate Moss Fernando Alonso Eva Longoria Parker LeBron James Stephen King Steven Spielberg Carrie Underwood Shaquille O&#039;Neal Keira Knightley Michael Jordan Matt Damon Roger Federer Jay Leno David Letterman Ashley Tisdale Cate Blanchett Bruce Willis Heidi Klum Tyra Banks Donald Trump Reese Witherspoon Gwyneth Paltrow Alex Rodriguez Howard Stern Kimi Raikkonen Sarah Jessica Parker Jonas Brothers Nicolas Cage Rush Limbaugh Jon Stewart Jennifer Love Hewitt Ellen DeGeneres Maria Sharapova Daniel Radcliffe Katherine Heigl Serena Williams Simon Cowell George Lucas Kevin Garnett Leonardo DiCaprio 50 Cent Zac Efron Lauren Conrad Ryan Seacrest Jeff Gordon Gisele Bundchen Justine Henin Gordon Ramsay Ben Stiller Tom Clancy Jerry Seinfeld Rachael Ray Steve Carell Dr. Phil McGraw Patrick Dempsey Dale Earnhardt Jr. Tina Fey Charlie Sheen Phil Mickelson Judd Apatow Vanessa Williams Drew Carey Regis Philbin Lorena Ochoa Annika Sorenstam Tyler Perry James Patterson Jerry Bruckheimer Paula Deen Wolfgang Puck Judge Judy Sheindlin Howie Mandel About Privacy Policy Contact Us &copy; Latest Celebrity Gossip, News, &amp; Pictures &#8211; CelebLowDown.com is powered by WordPress [if (lt IE 9) & (!IEMobile)]><script src="http://celeblowdown.com/wp-content/themes/bones/library/js/libs/ie/DOMAssistantCompressed-2.8.js"></script><script src="http://celeblowdown.com/wp-content/themes/bones/library/js/libs/ie/selectivizr-1.0.1.js"></script><script src="http://celeblowdown.com/wp-content/themes/bones/library/js/libs/respond.min.js"></script><![endif] [if lt IE 7 ]> <script src="http://celeblowdown.com/wp-content/themes/bones/library/js/libs/ie/dd_belatedpng.js"></script> <script>DD_belatedPNG.fix("img, .png_bg");</script> <![endif] 