 Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Department of Art &amp; Art History Butler School of Music Department of Theatre &amp; Dance Texas Performing Arts Landmarks Search:  Highlights Join the Drama for the 2013-2014 Season! Subscriptions on sale August 7. Photo:  COFA diversity blog Photo: COFA Department of Art and Art History alumna Thuy-Van Vu&#039;s exhibition &quot;Works on Paper&quot; now on view at the Courtyard Gallery Photo: Courtesy of the Artist    Learn about Landmarks the university’s public art program. Its projects beautify the campus and engage visitors with art of the highest quality. Photo: Robert Boland  Menuhin Competition will be held at the Butler School of Music in 2014. Photo: menuhin competition Read what our alums have to say about COFA! Photo: COFA  APSI Photo: COFA  Rollover and click the images above to learn more. Highlighted Events Thuy-Van Vu's exhibition Works on Paper at the Courtyard Gallery Apr. 25 - Sep. 27 Landmarks Video: Sophie Calle & Gregory Shephard Aug. 1 - Aug. 31 STEELY DAN Aug. 28 | 8:00 PM INA GARTEN, THE BAREFOOT CONTESSA Sep. 12 | 8:00 PM PIAZZOLLA PROJECT: LA CAMORRA & ESCALANDRUM Sep. 18 | 8:00 PM BARBARA COOK Sep. 19 | 8:00 PM DIAL "M" FOR MURDER Oct. 4 | 8:00 PM OUR COUNTRY'S GOOD Oct. 18 | 8:00 PM Fall For Dance Nov. 15 | 8:00 PM View Events  Programs &amp; Research Centers Eleanor Greenhill Symposium Summer Youth Programs Center for Sacred Music More Programs &amp; Centers  News  Dr. Charlotte Canning to Write for Texas Book Series from UT Press Austin American-Statesman Dr. Charlotte Canning, Professor of Performance as Public Practice in the Department of Theatre and Dance, will join a panel of Texas&#39;s brightest writers, scholars, and intellectuals for The Texas Bookshelf, an ambitious new book series about the state&#39;s culture and history from the University of Texas Press. Posted: Wednesday, August 21, 2013 Theatre for Youth Assistant Professor Katie Dawson selected as a 2013 Outstanding Teaching Award recipient The University of Texas System This year Katie Dawson (M.F.A. &rsquo;06) was selected as a 2013 Outstanding Teaching Award recipient, the Board of Regents&rsquo; highest honor. Dawson was reviewed on a range of criteria including classroom expertise, curricula quality and student learning outcomes and awarded the honor for demonstrating extraordinary classroom performance and innovation in undergraduate instruction. Congratulations! Posted: Tuesday, August 20, 2013 Michael Gillespie to participate in an artist residency Michael Gillespie Fine Art Studio Online Michael Gillespie (BFA &#39;83) will participate in an artist residency program for the Red River County Historical Society in Clarksville, Texas in September. He was also one of ten finalists for the Summer Scholarship Contest at the Florence Academy of Art in Italy. He received a First Place Award in C.C. Young Center&#39;s The Spirit is Ageless Art Show, and had a painting on display with other award winners at the Arlington Museum of Art. Posted: Monday, August 19, 2013 Laurie Anderson, Experimental Performing Artist and Composer Returns to UT for Fall Residency UT College of Liberal Arts Humanities Institute Laurie Anderson will offer an exhibition, videos and talks to complement performance of &quot;Landfall&quot; in September and October. The Humanities Institute at the University of Texas at Austin is delighted to welcome her as its seventh C. L. and Henriette Cline Centennial Visiting Professor in the Humanities. In October, Anderson will take the stage at Texas Performing Arts with the Kronos Quartet. Posted: Friday, August 16, 2013 At UT Mariachi Camp, Confidence is on the Lesson Plan Austin American Statesman The high school musicians are honing their skills at the first-ever Longhorn Summer Mariachi Camp at the University of Texas this week. Posted: Friday, July 12, 2013 The US Embassy Welcomes Secretary of State John Kerry to UT Austin's Mesoamerica Center in Guatemala University of Texas at Austin Kerry was accompanied by members of the U.S. Embassy and representatives from UT Austin including Jack Risley, chairman of the Department of Art and Art History; David Stuart, director of the Mesoamerica Center and a professor of art history; and students studying abroad at Casa Herrera from the university&rsquo;s College of Education. Posted: Friday, June 7, 2013 The ancient Maya meet the modern Internet The Washington Post Researchers began decoding the glyphic language of the ancient Maya long ago, but the Internet is helping them finish the job and write the history of this enigmatic Mesoamerican civilization. COFA&#39;s David Stuart started a blog for scholars and amateurs. Posted: Tuesday, May 28, 2013  Read More News   Home Admissions Student Services Alumni Events Support Showcase About  Copyright 2013, College of Fine Arts , The University of Texas at Austin Maps &amp; Directions Parking Directory &amp; Contacts COFA Community Login Faculty &amp; Staff Resources UT Privacy UT Web Accessibility Online Communities COFA RSS Subscription 