  Home Pre-Owned Jaguar Inventory Warranty Information Special Financing Offers About Us Call Us to Speak with a Live Representative Now! 1-877-647-5580 View Our Inventory of Certified Pre-Owned Used Jaguars  Certified Pre-Owned Benefits &amp; Advantages: 6 Years/100,000 Mile Limited Warranty * (From Original Purchase Date) 150-Point Inspection $0 Warranty Deductible 24-Hour Roadside Assistance CarFax Certified CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED / USED JAGUAR CARS A Collection of the Best Jaguar Cars from the Top Factory-Authorized Dealers Used Jaguar XJ8s, XK8s, X-TYPES, S-TYPES, XFs and More! Click to Browse Our Preowned Inventory Now! Multiple photos and details on pre-owned vehicles in-stock. Speak with an Experienced, Live Representative Now at: 1-877-647-5580 Email Us with Any Questions and Be Sure to View Our Inventory The only thing better than a Select Edition Certified Pre-Owned Jaguar is a new Jaguar. Even experienced Jaguars make a statement. And, since every Select Edition car has been hand picked from the finest, most carefully maintained Jaguars available, it makes a very special statement indeed. Covering Jaguar&acute;s entire offering, from the modern XF, through the stylish S-TYPE and XJ to the legendary XK coupe and convertible, these are cars of the highest quality. Special Factory-Enhanced Financing / Loans on Pre-Owned Jaguars Jaguar Select Edition Certified Pre-Owned announces exclusive APR finance rates for several models in the Jaguar Select Edition program. Take advantage of exclusive Jaguar Select Edition APR rates on the finest, carefully maintained S-TYPE, XJ, and XK models. MODEL 24 MONTHS 60 MONTHS S-TYPE 0.9%* 2.9%* XJ 0.9%* 2.9%* XK 0.9%* 2.9%* XF 0.9%* 0.9%* * Must be approved by primary financing company. Not all buyers will qualify for the lowest APR rates. Offer expires 7/31/2013.  Eligible 2007 - 2012 certified pre-owned Jaguar models only. For further details call 1-877-647-5580 . Click to View Our Inventory of Certified Pre-Owned / Used Jaguars We ca Shipping of Your Pre-Owned Jaguar Purchase We can arrange shipping of your Certified Pre-Owned Jaguar to anywhere within the Continental United States and do so for our clients on a regular basis. Have your Jaguar shipped from our location in Madison, NJ and delivered right to your driveway! Our shipper of choice is Horseless Carriage. Horseless Carriage Carriers, Inc. has provided the automotive community with immaculate, dependable, enclosed transport for over 25 years. Email us for a quote on utilizing their shipping services.  If you are looking for some additional savings and would like to drive your Pre-Owned Jaguar home, we can arrange free pick-up service from Newark Airport, located a quick 30 minute drive from our location. Certified Pre-Owned Jaguars / Used Jaguars  By Madison Jaguar a Factory Authorized Jaguar Dealer  We ship anywhere within the Continental United States  Call us at 1-877-647-5580  Madison, NJ - USA Website Design by: AdPoint Communications, Inc. (NJ) 