 Newsletter THX Store Blog Professional Extranet  Consumer Consumer Movies Home Entertainment Automotive THX Technology Professional Professional Home Theater Installer Sound Engineer Cinema Certification Training Events Search Consumer Consumer Movies Home Entertainment Automotive THX Technology World's First THX Certified OLED TV Introducing the future of display technology - the THX Certified LG CURVED OLED TV. This TV had to pass more than 600 rigorous THX laboratory tests to ensure its image quality matches its stunningly good looks. Available now exclusively through Best Buy Magnolia stores. Learn More THX & Onkyo Celebrate 20 Years The launch of Onkyo’s two new THX® Certified receivers marks the 20th anniversary of Onkyo’s collaborative partnership with THX Ltd. Onkyo was one of the first manufacturers to embrace THX quality assurance standards for home theater components, releasing the first-ever THX Certified A/V Receiver in 1994. Learn More Crystal Acoustics and THX As one of the first companies to build bipolar electrodynamic speakers, Crystal Acoustics has spent nearly a decade designing THXCertified products. Their commitment to excellence is visible in the products they build and the customer service they offer. Learn More Pioneer Launches New THX Certified Receivers Still the only manufacturer to offer THX Certified Class D powered AV receivers, Pioneer’s latest models include new technologies and expanded network capabilities sure to impress even the most discerning home theater enthusiast. Learn More THX tune-up&trade; v1.0.2 Now Available Download the THX tune-up™ iOS app to help you adjust your TV, projector and speakers to ensure you're getting the best performance and enjoyment from your system. THX tune-up is completely interactive and you will be able to go through it at your own pace and in any order. Learn More 1 2 3 4 4 play pause THX Trailers Watch your Favorite THX movie trailers. Home Entertainment Only the best home theater products have what it takes to be THX Certified. Automotive Experience crystal clear 5.1 Surround Sound with the THX II Certified Car Audio System. THX Technology THX Technologies make your entertainment sound the way it should. Entertainment Driven Technology Entertainment technology should be inspired, and designed by those who appreciate and understand the creative process. THX is at the intersection of art and entertainment, collaborating with filmmakers, CE manufacturers and cinemas chains to develop Certified products and THX technologies that tell stories and stir emotions. Latest From Consumer THX Privacy Policy    THX Ltd. is committed to protecting your privacy. We recognize that the trust of our customers and web visitors requires vigilant, responsible privacy protections. Any Personal Information obtained will be held and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your Personal Information is described below. By using [...] Learn More THX Web Terms of Use    Agreement to Terms These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the THX Web site located at www.thx.com, and all associated sites linked to www.thx.com by THX Ltd. (“THX”) (collectively, the “Site”). By using or visiting the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree [...] Learn More More from Consumer Find a THX Experience THX Cinema THX Certified Installer THX Certified Products THX Certified Cinemas deliver movies the way they were intended to be seen. More about THX Certified Cinemas . Find one near you: Search Search Distance (miles): 25 50 100 250 500 A THX Certified Installer can ensure that you are getting the most out of your entertainment experience. Find one near you: Search Search Distance (miles): 25 50 100 250 500 Manufacturers Product Type THX Categories Find Products  Click to enter THX Home Theater Videos How To Build a Home Theater In a Less Than Perfect Room Picking and Placing Your Display, Speakers and Subwoofer by THX Selecting Surround Speakers, Electronics and Remote Controls From THX Positioning Speakers and Making The Most of Your Gear's Settings Plus the THX Optimizer Social Networks Follow us on Twitter Become a Fan on Facebook Connect on LinkedIn THX Subscribe to the THX Newsletter Consumer Movies Find a THX Certified Cinema THX Trailers Home Entertainment Audio Find a THX Certified Installer Home Theater Guide Partners THX Certified AVRs THX Certified Displays THX Certified Products THX Certified Releases THX Certified Speakers THX Optimizer Video Automotive 2013 Lincoln MKS 2013 Lincoln MKT 2013 Lincoln MKX 2013 Lincoln MKZ 2013 Lincoln Navigator Raves and Reviews THX Car Audio THX Technology THX AV Receiver Features THX Balanced Bass-line THX Loudness Plus THX Reference Level THX Slot Speaker THX Surround Sound Modes THX TruStudio PC Professional Home Theater Installer Advanced Video Systems Calibration Home Theater Design and Tuning Introduction to THX and Home Theater Introduction to Video Calibration The THX Advantage What the Pros are Saying Sound Engineer pm3 Studio Certification Screening Rooms Specifications Studio Certification THX Approved Equipment Cinema Certification Auditorium Isolation On-site Installation &amp; Integration Pro Equipment Projected Image Reverberation Control Screen Placement Speaker Layout &amp; Baffle Wall TASA Certification THX Cinema Certification THX Reps Training Events 2013 Training Schedule THX Test Bench Blog About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Press Releases | Careers | Sitemap &copy;2013 THX Ltd.  