 Apply Now Register Now Events Calendar News Support DCAD Alumni Degree Programs Overview AFA Program Foundation Year Liberal Arts Animation Overview Faculty Student Work Course Descriptions Fine Arts Overview Faculty Student Work Course Descriptions Graphic Design Overview Faculty Student Work Course Descriptions Illustration Overview Faculty Student Work Course Descriptions Interior Design Overview Faculty Student Work Course Descriptions Photography Overview Faculty Student Work Course Descriptions Admissions Continuing Education Student Life About DCAD Artists &amp; Artwork Fine Arts  In the Fine Arts program, exploration in the studio and frequent feedback from faculty and visiting artists nurture student artistic accomplishment and personal vision. Students learn how form and content in a work of art interact to yield meaning. Creative expression and effective communication are fostered by a solid foundation of work from observation and perception. Students are encouraged to develop ways of choosing directions, media, and subject matter. Through studio work, group discussion, lectures, seminars, individual consultations with faculty and visiting artists, and frequent trips to museums, galleries, and artists&rsquo; studios, students develop the technical ability, critical awareness, knowledge of historical frameworks, and self-discipline to form a unique, personal vision. A rigorous, structured program prepares students for the challenges of further study at four-year colleges of art and design. The program goals of the Fine Arts major are: To develop students&rsquo; technical skills, historical knowledge, visual vocabulary and critical ability. To foster individual vision, expression, and creativity. To prepare students for further study in fine arts or other areas of art and design. Download Laptop Recommendations for the Fine Arts major. (PDF) Fine Arts Program Syllabi &amp; Supply Lists (PDF)  DCAD Search Flickr Twitter Facebook A Creative Partnership of Pratt & the Corcoran Contact Us Directions Site Map Privacy & Terms Print This Page Email This Page © Copyright 2013 Delaware College of Art and Design Accredited by NASAD and MSCHE 600 N. Market Street Wilmington, Delaware 19801 p 302.622.8000 f 302.622.8870 info@dcad.edu Request for Info  