  Home Rates Calculators Mortgages Mortgage Home Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Refinance Home Refinance Rates Home Equity Calculators Bank Accounts CD Rates Checking &amp; Savings Money Market Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Credit Cards Credit Cards Home Best Credit Cards Calculators Insurance Insurance Home Current Rates Auto Auto Home Loan Rates Insurance Quotes Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Investments Investment Home Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Calculators Financial Planning Debt Management College Finance Taxes Calculators Personal Loans  advertisement Print Subscribe auto Repair your old car or buy a new car? By Tara Baukus Mello â&euro;¢ Bankrate.com There are some terrific advantages to driving an old car, including cheaper car insurance and owning your car outright. But old cars need repairs, especially those that are five years old or older. So when you are suddenly faced with a costly repair for your old car, does it make more sense to repair it or replace it with a new car ? While it's almost always cheaper to repair your used car instead of buying a new one, you need more information before you can make a solid financial decision. Find out the answers to these questions: How much is your car worth? Check the value of your current car at several third-party car information websites such as Edmunds.com, Kelley Blue Book or NADAguides.com to determine what it's worth, assuming it's working properly. What would it cost to replace it? Assume for a moment that if you replaced your old car, you'd buy a new car that's a similar make and model. Do a bit of research online to determine what the new car would cost. Chances are it's at least $20,000 and possibly a lot more. Then use Bankrate's auto loan calculator to estimate your monthly payment. How much does the repair cost? Get a couple of quotes on the cost of the job. You can call mechanics or dealers in your area and ask them to quote the job for you. They can do this without seeing the car as long as you know what repair is needed. Have them give you the estimate in writing or try an online quote serviceÂ such asÂ RepairPal to get estimates. While the cost of the parts is not likely to be much different -- if it is, ask why -- labor rates can vary from shop to shop and you can possibly save some money by choosing a different mechanic. Once you have these three numbers, you are better equipped to make a smart financial decision. If the repair cost greatly exceeds your car's value, it is probably best to replace your old car. From a financial perspective, it's wisest to replace the car with a newer, but used car to avoid the huge depreciation hit that happens when you buy a brand new car . It's also a good idea to sell your old car in a private-party sale to get the largest amount for your car. Just be sure to fully disclose the repair that needs to be completed. With repairs that are roughly equal to the value of your used car or less, it makes better financial sense to make the repair versus buy a new car, since even the most expensive repairs would most likely only equal about a year of car payments on a new car. Today, most new cars are built to last 200,000 miles or more, with a few more expensive items often needing repair at the 100,000- to 120,000-mile mark. Once your car is paid off, put aside an amount that equals about 20 percent of what your car payment was each month for repairs. This money can be used for any necessary repairs, and any excess will make a nice down payment for your next car when you're ready to buy one. Ask the adviser If you have a car question, e-mail it to us at Driving for Dollars . Read more Driving for Dollars columns and Bankrate auto stories . Â  Bankrate's content, including the guidance of its advice-and-expert columns and this Web site, is intended only to assist you with financial decisions. The content is broad in scope and does not consider your personal financial situation. Bankrate recommends that you seek the advice of advisers who are fully aware of your individual circumstances before making any final decisions or implementing any financial strategy. Please remember that your use of this Web site is governed by Bankrate's Terms of Use . This week: Repair your old car or buy a new car? How to buy cheap car insurance for teens? Â  Create a news alert for "auto" advertisement Related Links: How to find lower car insurance rates National auto loan rates for June 9, 2011 5 best family road trip cars under $35,000 Related Articles: 6 car-shopping mistakes Saving on auto insurance Subscribe to Bankrate newsletters Tara Baukus Mello is a freelance writer who has written about automotive topics of interest to consumers since 1995. Bankrate.com's corrections policy Posted: Oct. 8, 2010 Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages thoughtful and constructive comments. We ask that you stay focused on the story topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, illegal contents and advertisement posts. Comments are not reviewed before they are posted. Bankrate reserves the right (but is not obligated) to edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use . Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. Connect with us  Compare Auto Rates  zip code:    product:  -- select -- 48 Mo New Car 60 Mo New Car 48 Mo Used Car 36 Mo Auto Refi   48 Mo New Car  average  2.43%   About our rates advertisement Most Read Kitchen remodeling ideas under $500 Phil Mickelson's home for sale Car-ownership costs by state Study: BMW drivers are the worst What 6 TV homes cost in real life Homes for every stage of life Dirt-cheap home for sale in Detroit 4 risky places to swipe debit card 6 surprises from health care reform No more Social Security at 62?  About this index Auto Averages  Product Rate +/- Last week 48 month used car loan 2.56% 2.57% 48 month new car loan 2.43% 2.45% 36 month used car loan 2.55% 2.57% 36 month new car loan 2.38% 2.40% View rates in your area: A little research could save you BIG on interest. Don't have time? Our rate-tracker tool saves you time and money. Delivered Thursdays. advertisement Partner Center advertisement By   Tara Baukus Mello  Cars  Â»   Honda supports car drive-ins   Honda's Project Drive-In is out to rescue drive-ins from closure as they are forced to switch to digital projection. View more Bankrate Blogs Â» advertisement About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Topics Newsletters Mobile Apps Understanding Bankrate's rate averages Â© 2013 Bankrate, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Disclosure: Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. 