  Search Home &raquo; Arts and Entertainment [if lt IE 8]><div></div><![endif] Ivan A Cuxeva ExpertAuthor | 248 Articles Joined: August 20, 2007 Was this article helpful? 1 1   Art, Music and Literature Based Communities By Ivan A Cuxeva What drives people? Some may say inspiration, our ambitions and needs; this is not very far from saying that people are driven by the inspiration provided by art and music as well as by the need to quench our literary thirst. For most people reading a book, watching a movie or listening to their favorite music isn't enough of an experience, the most important part is to interact and get validation from people with the same interests about our point of views and opinions. It is often said that every individual is different, this remains true in many aspects however when it comes to topics such as Art, music and literature we all have something in common, our tastes as far as music may concur with someone else's but our interests in literature could differ. Validation and the exchange of ideas is what makes the web so popular, every site built provides ideas which are meant to be validated by people, without this basic interaction the entire concept of the web is defeated. People interested in art, music literature, etc. have taken advantage of the web to create communities focused on sharing their thoughts regarding these topics, for instance some may consider "Five for Fighting - 100 years" as much as a piece of musical art as "Pachebel's - Canon", some may definitively disagree as both pieces belong to different genres, one has vocals the other is solely instrumental; small differences in the perception of art is what triggers reactions on which entire communities come together and share their ideas regarding the topic being discussed. The same can be said of literature, for some Romeo and Juliet is without a doubt one of the most beautiful pieces of romantic literature ever written, however the language used may not have the same effect in contemporary readers as it won't convey the emotions it did back then; so it is to say that the power of such piece has diluted through time. In order to recreate such excellent work actors and writers come together and work in such play, however what matters is how people perceive their work and how emotions are conveyed through professional acting, again small differences trigger a sea of reviews and opinions which is better expressed in online interactions. For most of us free speech is the ultimate work of art, as it allows us to express our thoughts through any medium without worrying of censorship, taking advantage of the tools and resources available to express our thoughts is without a doubt the most precious right. MorbidBeauties.com provides access to an entire community of individuals whose interests revolve around gothic culture. Interact with people interested in art at the gothic forum , visit us today and create a gothic profile [http://www.morbidbeauties.com/index.php?]! Article Source: http://EzineArticles.com/?expert=Ivan_A_Cuxeva Did you find this article helpful? 1 1  Get Involved 0 comments Suggest a topic Article Tools Print this article E-mail to a friend EzinePublisher Report this article Cite this article Stay Informed Get notified by email when new articles are added to this category or written by this author. Subscribe to New Article Alerts: Arts and Entertainment Ivan A Cuxeva Email Address: Subscribe Arts and Entertainment Article Feed Find More Articles Search  Similar Articles Society, Social Justice And The Function Of Art And Literature Myartspace-The Launch Of The Online Community For Artists And Photographers At the Brooklyn Museum: "Tipis of the Brooklyn Plains" by NF Karlins Culture? Couture Selling Art Online - Does It Work? How To Buy Art Safely Online Three Qualities for Success in the Arts NTDTV's Global Chinese New Year Spectacular - A Gift of Healing Summer Prints by Alphonse Mucha The Hazards of Being an Artist Recent Articles Things to Consider Before Booking a Wedding Reception 6 Components of Great Jazz Wedding Planners Can Help You Make Your Special Day Unforgettable Three Simple Lighting Techniques When Making a Video Effective Ways To Promote A Business Restaurants Online Capability Enhanced With Mobile Facebook Pages and Open Table The Inner Game of Motivation An Observed Trend in Modern Heroic Characters and Its Possible Social Consequences Biography of a Russian a Sculptress: Anna Golubikna Spray Booths - Don't DIY! Submitted On April 02, 2008. Viewed 719 times. Word count: 428.  MLA Style Citation: Cuxeva, Ivan A."Art, Music and Literature Based Communities." Art, Music and Literature Based Communities .2 Apr. 2008 EzineArticles.com. 27 Aug. 2013 &lt; http://ezinearticles.com/?Art,-&shy;Music-&shy;and-&shy;Literature-&shy;Based-&shy;Communities&amp;id=1084600 &gt;. APA Style Citation: Cuxeva, I. A. (2008, April 2). Art, Music and Literature Based Communities . Retrieved August 27, 2013, from http://ezinearticles.com/?Art,-&shy;Music-&shy;and-&shy;Literature-&shy;Based-&shy;Communities&amp;id=1084600 Chicago Style Citation: Cuxeva, Ivan A. "Art, Music and Literature Based Communities." Art, Music and Literature Based Communities EzineArticles.com . http://ezinearticles.com/?Art,-&shy;Music-&shy;and-&shy;Literature-&shy;Based-&shy;Communities&amp;id=1084600 EzineArticles.com &copy; 2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 