[if lt IE 8]><script type="text/javascript">jQuery("body").addClass("browser_ie7");</script><![endif] HubPages explore sign in join now help Loading... Entertainment and Media Entertainment consists of the activities and diversions we participate in to amuse ourselves during some of our leisure time. Entertainment is defined as generally passive: watching broadcasts or movies, seeing a play or musical performance, reading books, etc. As much as we are drawn to active pursuits such as arts and crafts and recreation and sports, we make a place in our downtime for letting others make us laugh, cry, or learn. The entertainment industry is full of celebrities that we enjoy watching as well as finding out what they do, who they are with, and how they live. And then there is music: the many genres, artists, songs, and ways to enjoy them. The “top 40” on the radio is a thing of the past and personal playlists define us now. The staged variety shows are no more, but reality shows and contestants competing in all sorts of performing arts and recreational pursuits are the norm. Entertainment media is part of our everyday life. Explore &raquo; Entertainment and Media Related Topics Cartoons and Animation Celebrities Comedy Movies and Movie Reviews Music Performing Arts Photos and Videos Radio Television and TV Shows See Also Books and Novels Entertainment and Media Featured Hubs 9 Top Ten Greatest Villains by Tygher41 ( 5 followers ) A story is only as good as its villain is evil. They keep us entertained with their sinister and memorable antics. Here is a list of my favorite villains from movies, TV, books and video games. 1 Famous German Composers of Classical Music by Thomas Swan ( 202 followers ) Famous German Composers of Classical Music - Biographies and videos to showcase the work of Beethoven, Bach, Wagner, and others greats from history. 2 My Top 10 Blockbuster Movies by Craig Easom ( 2 followers ) This is my list for the 'top 10 blockbuster movies of all time'. This list is not based on the worldwide blockbuster gross but rather on the quality of acting, directing and power behind the camera. 8 The Art of Performance - Musings of an Opera Singer by Regina Zona ( 8 followers ) The art of performing is less about what happens when the audience is there in front of you but is more about the preparation it takes to walk out on that stage. 5 These Films Aren't for Children: 8 Profound Animated Movies by Alisha Adkins ( 58 followers ) Just because a film is animated doesn't necessarily mean that it's made for children. This couldn't be more true in the case of these 8 exceptional animated films. 1 Musicals Featuring Famous Women from History by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) Many enduringly popular stage musicals take their inspiration from history--and many of the in particular draw upon the lives of great women in history. 4 Famous Italian Composers of Classical Music by Thomas Swan ( 202 followers ) Famous Italian Composers of Classical Music - Biographies and videos demonstrate the history of Italian music, and the works of Verdi, Vivaldi, and others. 13 Top 10 Best Romance Anime Series - Anime Recommendations by Hikapo ( 63 followers ) Hey folks, here is my best romance anime recommendations. I try to include the best I know, but if your favorite is not included, don't be sad! 57 Top 10 Reasons Why the Music Industry is Failing by rdstreets ( 3 followers ) You know what? I miss my vinyl records. I miss going to the record store (a real community experience) and buying an LP for $10-$15. I miss the larger sleeves with the cover art and the inside liner notes which told you who wrote what and who... 270 Top 20 Best Female Singers of All Time. by cynamans ( 126 followers ) In the world of music there are many great female singers but only a few have risen to the level of greatness that these giants of American pop culture have. The women listed below have written some of the greatest songs ever and their voices have... 96 Japanese Manufacturers of Made In Japan Badged Electric Guitars from 1960 to 1980 by Torch Harrison ( 42 followers ) Japanese MIJ guitars from 1960-1980. Badges listed by manufacturer with short summaries of the companies who made these guitars for export. MIJ Research Blog! 112 Hippie Quotes by Jim Strutzin ( 66 followers ) The embodiment of youth in the 1960s, the hippie subculture proved to be one of the most influential and proactive groups in American history, culminating at Woodstock. Shaping the face of music, culture, and politics in the 1960s and beyond, their... 5 Five Best Tragic Romances in Musical Theater by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) Many times, we turn to a musical to feel good and be entertained. Not all musicals have happily-ever-after endings, though, and that makes them all the more memorable. 0 10 Best Male Guests in Running Man by xypherfarrell ( 6 followers ) Running Man regular members have the best variety skills. That is why it is hard to find celebrities that could match their timing. Here are 10 of the best male guests that jive with them well. 9 11 Of The Best Sci-Fi Television Shows Of The Last 15 Years by underthedome ( 8 followers ) The last 15 years have been very favorable to sci-fi shows as new and advanced special effect techniques have made them more viewer friendly. Here are 11 that have kept fans interested. 12 The Best Romantic Movies Available on Netflix Instant Stream by jmartin1344 ( 118 followers ) Netflix has a large host of movies available for Instant Streaming. Here is a list of the best romantic movies on Netflix. 13 There is someone above to love me - a child's experience with Sri Sathya Sai by aravindb1982 ( 285 followers ) The experiences of childhood often leave a very strong impression on one's lives. Blessed indeed are the children from the Sri Sathya Sai Primary School that they spent their childhood at the lotus feet of the Lord! 68 Great Songs Any Self-Respecting Feminist Should, But Can't, Hate by Glimmer Twin Fan ( 435 followers ) Take a look at some great songs that any self-respecting feminist should hate but can't. With hits by artists such as the Rolling Stones and Lesley Gore, you'll get a sampling of politically incorrect songs that are fun to listen to. 3 10 Summer Movies You Should Own by Seth Panattoni ( 11 followers ) In honor of the end of summer, here are 10 summer-released movies that have become classics or have owned the box office. They are a must have for any movie collection. 9 Advantages and disadvantages of being a celebrity &ndash; Being famous can be a tough life by princesswithapen ( 735 followers ) Being a celebrity or simply being famous has its own advantages and disadvantages. The common perception is that celebrities and famous personalities have everything in life. After all, the grass is always greener on the other side, isn't it? The truth is that there are as many downsides and disadvantages of being a celebrity as there are the number of benefits. Who said being famous was always fun? Decide for yourself &ndash; read on for 5 advantages and disadvantages of being a celebrity. 60 The 10 Funniest, Best Big Bang Theory Episodes by VancouverGal ( 9 followers ) Looking for a list of the top 10 Big Bang Theory episodes? Here are my 10 favourite episodes of the brilliantly-scriptedhit TV show The Big Bang Theory. WARNING - MANY SPOILERS BELOW! 4 Top 10 sexiest 40+ male celebs - part 1 by Arietha ( 34 followers ) My personal top 10 of very attractive male celebs over 40 28 Angelina Jolie Movies List by Edweirdo ( 939 followers ) Angelina Jolie began her career as a teen model, then switched to acting in 1990's. Within a few short years, she won three consecutive Golden Globe Awards and an Academy Award for her role in &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot;. From there her career exploded and she was soon one of the most powerful women in show business. In recent years she has devoted more of her time to humanitarian affairs, and was recently named Good Will Ambassador for the United Nations High Commission for Refugees.Here is a short b 2 Four Sweetest Romances in Musical Theater by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) Some of the greatest love stories are those that end in tragedy--but as an audience, we're not always in the mood to try. Enjoy the four sweetest romances in musical theater. 0 Five Best Quirky, Off-Beat Stage Musicals by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) Musical theater has long been the refuge of those who love to perform and just don't quite fit in. This hub lists the five best quirky stage musicals. 8 &quot;Death of a Salesman&quot; from Biff's Point of View by Ben Blackwell ( 57 followers ) Biff and his father have had feelings of resentment towards each other for years. Willy wants Biff to follow in his footsteps, but Biff wants to life his way. This is Biff's perspective of the events 38 Top Cartoon Conspiracy Theories: Real or Not? by curiousworld ( 15 followers ) Here are some freaky cartoon conspiracy theories: including Courage the Cowardly Dog, Adventure Time, Fairly Odd Parents, Ed, Edd, n' eddy, Dexter's Lab, and Spongebob Squarepants. 16 Siberian Husky Puppy Pictures - First 3 Months by shibashake ( 659 followers ) I got a Siberian Husky puppy early this year. She has blue eyes, big perky ears, and looks a bit like a wolf. This is a picture story of her first three puppy months. 15 A List of Gay and Lesbian Celebrities and Their Relationships by mtkomori ( 56 followers ) I must say I did not have much knowledge or interest in gays or lesbians until quite recently. I'm a fan of Adam Lambert and learned about his coming out in 2009, but not until a few months after the fact. It still remains a mystery whether or not... 22 Costume Ideas- Beginning With The Letter M by Party Girl ( 91 followers ) Costume party for something beginning with 'M'?. Mmmmmm - what could you be? This is a comprehensive and regularly updated list of suggestions. 0 How to Watch a Korean Drama by lotuschick For those afflicted with Korean drama fever here's some tips from a drama addict. Whether you add some friends, some Korean drama food, or take your Hallyu to go these tips guarantee kdrama bliss. 5 The Top 10 Movies You've Never Heard Of by Dave Godbey ( 1 follower ) Bringing movie education to the masses. 2 10 Most Beautiful and Hottest Japanese Actresses by maciejcorvo ( 16 followers ) Who is the most beautiful Japanese actress? Let's find out in this article! 3 Ten Folk/Acoustic Songs Great For a Wedding! by busillis22 ( 16 followers ) Folk and acoustic tunes tend to be well written, full of rich and touching lyrical content, that can add a nostalgic touch to the tone of your wedding. Check out these ten great songs! 20 Top 10 Best Electro House Songs by HumanPerception ( 31 followers ) House music originated in the early 1980s in Chicago. Since then it has grown and has a range of sub-genres, one of which is electro house. Electro house is a very intense style of music, with glimpses of beauty lost among a cascade of heavy drops... 8 Penny from The Big Bang Theory: Kaley Cuoco facts and pictures! by princesswithapen ( 735 followers ) Penny from The Big Bang Theory &ndash; What is the real name of that hot girl? If you have friends who fans of the geeky TV show The Big Bang Theory, you may have heard this question more than once. Penny is Kaley Cuoco, a 26 year old American actress who has captivated the show's audience with her charm, hotness and her not-so-intelligent personality. Here is a short biography of Kaley Cuoco, aka Penny in The Big Bang Theory, some interesting facts and her onscreen and off-screen pictures. 121 25 Best Romantic Movies by stephhicks68 ( 3,550 followers ) The 25 best romantic movies are films about love, loss and forgiveness. Watch one with your sweetheart or best friend. 30 The Hottest Sitcom Babes of the 70s by Bruce Pena ( 47 followers ) Profiles, photos and videos of the grooviest chicks, swingingest mamas and hottest sitcom babes of the 70s. 11 Learning To Play Guitar Chords The Easy Way by matthewguitar ( 14 followers ) Welcome to your learning to play guitar chords lessons. Here we will start you off with simple chords. As you progress, we will move along to more complicated chords. There are tons of guitar chords. Some can be very complicated andothers are... 34 30th Academy Awards - 1958 by tillsontitan ( 714 followers ) Year after year we look forward to the Academy Awards to see the best of the best. The 30th Academy Awards brought us some amazing classics together with some great songs to remember. 25 How to Clean and Polish an Acoustic Guitar by KawikaChann ( 117 followers ) In this hub you'll learn how to clean and polish your guitar in easy to follow steps. I'll show you the products that I use and some easy tips that will help to keep your guitar looking great. 41 List of Awesome Talent Show Songs: What song should I sing in the talent show? by SmartAndFun ( 219 followers ) Here you'll find tons of talent show song titles, including ballads, party songs and songs for males, females and kids. Plus, there are tips on choosing a song that's right for you. Video examples included. 8 Talent Show Ideas for Kids by SmartAndFun ( 219 followers ) Need some ideas for the upcoming talent show? There are plenty here, from singing and dancing to karate and even doing tricks with a pogo stick or a yo-yo. Plus, you'll find some tips on how to make your act as memorable and as professional as possible. 27 25 Hand Gestures from Around the World, A Photo Guide by K9keystrokes ( 989 followers ) This picture by picture guide takes a look at 25 hand gestures from around the world. Learn what NOT to do with your hands when away from home! 191 Video Fruit and Vegetable Carving Art by Vinaya Ghimire ( 755 followers ) A short introduction to origin of fruit and vegetable carving along with pictures of fruit carvings, vegetables carvings 11 Ten Most Beautiful Red Headed Actresses by SpiderBytes ( 57 followers ) Call them what you will -- redheads, carrot tops, gingers... Hollywood is full of red hot reds. Here is a look at ten of the hottest. 5 The Hottest Sitcom Babes of the 80s by Bruce Pena ( 47 followers ) Relive the New Wave fashions, the bad hairdos and the classic and not-so-classic comedies of the 80s with these smokin' hot ladies of laughter. 7 The Hottest Sitcom Babes of the 60s by Bruce Pena ( 47 followers ) Photos and profiles of sexy, beautiful sitcom actresses of the 1960s. 12 15 Classic Songs About California by E. A. Wright ( 266 followers ) 15 Classic Songs About California: A list of the best California songs from the 1960s and 1970s. 1 Ozzy Osbourne&rsquo;s Guitarists: a List of Guitar Legends by guitar bum ( 9 followers ) Ozzy Osbourne knows how to pick a guitarist. Here&rsquo;s a list of some of the guitar legends he&rsquo;s toured and recorded with through the years. 0 More Great Baseball - Movies, Biographies and Documentaries for Baseball Fans! by TeriSilver ( 58 followers ) Baseball&rsquo;s documentaries, highlights and player biographies are available for viewing on the small (or large) screen. It doesn&rsquo;t have to be Baseball Season -- (But it couldn&rsquo;t hurt!) 4 10 Most Beautiful Chinese Women in the World by maciejcorvo ( 16 followers ) Who is the most beautiful Chinese woman in the world? Let's find out by reading this article. 6 Top 10 Best Sports Anime by dailytop10 ( 154 followers ) Anime shows nowadays focus on any topic under the sun. Some revolves around the life of a shinigami, ninja, or an assassin, while others on an infamous sport like basketball or soccer. Have you ever wondered which of the anime shows today inclined... 8 Top 10 Wolf Songs by Shaddie ( 132 followers ) Hello, my name is Shaddie and I have a problem. My addiction with wolf songs began many years ago, and has unfortunately spiraled out of control - it's bad enough where I am showing everyone my collection. There are quite a few, but here is a list of my top 10 favorites. Find out what they are, and listen to some new music! 2 Guitar lesson - flamenco chord sequence by Jon Green ( 590 followers ) Guitar lesson on easy flamenco and Spanish chords, with chord pictures. 33 The 25 Scariest Movie Scenes of All Time (a viewer's list) by bethperry ( 329 followers ) The 25 Scariest Movie Scenes of All Time (a viewer's list) 16 TV Talent Shows - Good or Bad? by Polly C ( 311 followers ) In recent years, TV talent shows have burst onto our screens with a vengeance. With most showing ordinary members of the public competing for a large monetary prize, they are only increasing in popularity. Simon Cowell's hugely popular UK X Factor... 62 The &quot;Real&quot; Rose Calvert from Titanic by KCC Big Country ( 1,538 followers ) A fascinating look at Beatrice Wood, the woman James Cameron modeled Rose Dewitt Bukater Calvert after in the movie &quot;Titanic&quot;. 3 Eastern European Composers of Classical Music by Thomas Swan ( 202 followers ) Eastern European Composers of Classical Music - Biographies and videos to showcase the music of Chopin, Liszt, and other famous composers from history. 0 Best Cult Stage Musicals by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) On Broadway, you have the smash hits and the painful flops--and some of those flops go on to be cult favorites, enjoying a life long after they close on the Great White Way. 2 1944 Academy Award for Best Actor: The Nominees and Their Movies by brianlokker ( 100 followers ) In 1944, the Academy Award nominations for Best Actor went to Humphrey Bogart, Gary Cooper, Paul Lukas, Walter Pidgeon, and Mickey Rooney. These five stars played memorable characters in great movies. 0 German Rockers Accept's 1983 Hard Rock Anthem &quot;Balls to the Wall&quot; by Resident Weevil ( 3 followers ) Accept's heavy metal anthem was written to lament the old school Soviet communism imposed on East Germany, but digressed into a wall humping frenzy. 0 10 Best Female Guests in Running Man by xypherfarrell ( 6 followers ) Not every female guest in Running Man does well. There are few that turn out to be total busts. Only a few turn out to be a great fit. Here are 10 of the best female guests . 5 Atheist Characters in Anime by Chris Qu ( 36 followers ) A look at confirmed atheist characters in Anime, with supporting quotations. 58 Top Twenty Movies of All Time - One Person's Choice by tillsontitan ( 714 followers ) Everyone has their favorite movies of all time. This is a list of the top twenty in my own opinion, in no particular order except for the fact that each one is a great movie in it's own right. 10 Top 10 Best Costume Drama Movies of All Time by Leah Gold ( 16 followers ) These 10 costume dramas top the list of best period piece movies. Fans of literature, film, and history alike are often drawn to the costume drama genre. These superbly cast gems featuring incredible costumes and beautiful natural and historic... 5 Best Guitar Brands: Top Electric Guitars 2013 by EricDockett ( 144 followers ) A detailed list of all the best guitar brands which anyone looking for the top electric guitars in 2013 will find useful. 0 Best Guitar Picks for Metal by EricDockett ( 144 followers ) Metal guitar players who expect the best tone know the right guitar picks makes a big difference. Wimpy picks don&rsquo;t create huge metal sound! 11 The Best Thriller Films Available on Netflix Instant Stream by jmartin1344 ( 118 followers ) Netflix has hundreds of movies available for instant streaming online, and with such a large catalog, sometimes you have to filter through to find some good ones. So here is my first list of ten great films available on Netflix, starting with the thriller genre. 13 Top 10 Most Beautiful Anime Girls by dailytop10 ( 154 followers ) The anime world introduced hundreds of female characters who do not only possess gorgeous physical appearances but good personalities as well. In fact, an Anime Series won&rsquo;t be complete without a &ldquo;shero&rdquo; who can satisfy the wants of male anime... 0 10 Funniest Episodes of Supernatural by DestinyOsbourne ( 19 followers ) Season: 3 Episode: 13 Synopsis: Austin and A.J. are a couple Jason and Grant (Ghost Hunters) wannabes, who wonder or illegally trespass into a Sam and Dean level haunted house while trying to shoot the pilot episode for they (hopefully)... 47 Hegelian Dialectic &ndash; The No. 1 Tool of the Illuminati -with examples by A Little TRUTH ( 30 followers ) Learn the Hegelian Dialectic, and you will see the News with a whole new level of understanding. The Hegelian Dialectic, aka PROBLEM-REACTION-SOLUTION, aka Ordo Ab Chao (Order out of Chaos), aka Thesis-Antithesis-Synthesis, is used extensively by the Illuminati, Freemasons and other Secret Societies, which make up the Ruling Elite Class. 34 Great Movies to Watch to Scar Your Children for Life by Theophanes ( 526 followers ) Just because something is animated doesn't mean it's made for children... Relive some of these cinematic horrors in this deeply sarcastic article. 7 Best Children Songs of Bollywood by V Kumar ( 223 followers ) A list of ten greatest Bollywood songs for children. These songs are eternal classics, a treat to hear and a lesson to watch, bringing back memories and nostagia about times that are no more. 15 8 Great TV Comedies: The best shows &amp; funniest comedy on Netflix instant watch by LVidoni5 ( 253 followers ) Watch your favorite shows on Netflix- Instant Watch. Here's a guide to the best TV comedies available for watching instantly. 17 The Nicest Celebrities in Hollywood by Jason Oleinik ( 76 followers ) While Hollywood celebrities are always nice and friendly on camera, that is not always the case when it is turned off. These 5 celebrities have shown that their fame has not stopped them from being nice and humble on and off camera. 35 Top 10 Best Deadmau5 Songs by HumanPerception ( 31 followers ) Deadmau5 is one of the world's most recognised and admired producers. Here's a list of his ten best songs. 7 20 Best Supernatural Episodes by DestinyOsbourne ( 19 followers ) Check out the 10 Funniest Episodes Of Supernatural!! During the past five years Supernatural has gained a cult following, and we have become truly concerned for the Winchester brothers. Over the past five years Supernatural has went from two... 6 The &quot;Key&quot; to the Best Congregational Singing Range by Aficionada ( 282 followers ) Do you, as a music leader, ever ask yourself: What is the best key for congregational singing? What key should hymns be sung in? or, How can I know the best key for unison singing at church? -- Finding the best musical key for group singing can be a challenge, but the challenge can be pleasant and rewarding. 7 Play Rock Guitar Chords by Jon Green ( 590 followers ) Guitar lesson - playing classic rock songs, with chord pictures. 12 John Dillinger - Public Enemy - Photos of His Life And Death by lafenty ( 242 followers ) John Dillinger was a charismatic bank robber who became Public Enemy Number One during his ten year long crime spree. 6 Top Ten Famous Pirates in the Movies by lafenty ( 242 followers ) In general, pirates are a dirty, smelly, murderous bunch of thieves, but yet we find them most appealing. Perhaps it is the Hollywood treatment or pirates that has made them so dear to our hearts. 231 Why are French men so irresistible by Princessa ( 2,911 followers ) Why are French men so irresistible. what makes French men so different to other Europeans or Americans? 32 Top Music Hits - the 60's by hglick ( 353 followers ) Top Music Hits of the 60's was easily the most recognizable and downloaded segment of music in modern times. When the decade of the 50's came to a close there was a great change in popular music. Some of the &quot;Doo Wop&quot; tunes continued, but we began to see more female groups. 0 DVD Review: 'G.I. Joe Retaliation' (2013). by prospectboy ( 232 followers ) 'G.I. Joe Retaliation' made it's entrance to theaters on March 28, 2013. Didn't see it at the theater, which may have turned out to be a good thing. Recently watched the DVD. Here are my thoughts. 0 Not the Nine O&rsquo;clock News by Artois52 ( 7 followers ) Irreverent, Sharp and bloody funny. Not the Nine O'clock News was breath of fresh air to comedy in the late seventies. 2 Top 10 combinations that shouldn&rsquo;t work but do by Jetstream ( 12 followers ) Do you follow the rules of what should and shouldn&rsquo;t go together? Have you ever questioned who came up with those rules in the first place? From food to fashion, there are many combinations that you&rsquo;ve been told shouldn&rsquo;t work, but actually do. 0 The Best Unique, Weird and Unusual Electric Guitars Under $1000 by johnsonrallen ( 27 followers ) Who wants normal when you can have a guitar that stands out in a crowd? Here are some great guitars, unique in their own ways, that are worth taking a look at. 7 15 Must See Anime Series by followthestray ( 110 followers ) List of some of my favorite anime series. This list includes shoujo, romance, comedy, drama, and some obscure anime series. Most are not very well known to the mainstream. 0 Best Acoustic-Electric Guitar Under $1000 2013 by EricDockett ( 144 followers ) Here are five of the best acoustic-electric guitars on the market for under $1000. If you&rsquo;re looking for a new guitar in 2013, start your search here! 1 Army Wives Update by amandajoyshapiro ( 31 followers ) Do you love the Lifetime show Army Wives? Read this article to learn about the new characters and updates from the Season 7 premier to its finale. Some light humor intended. 8 Top 11 Best Anime Movies of All Time by Boefie ( 26 followers ) Because i love watching a good animation movie, i decided to make a list of my top 11 best anime movies. I have watched a lot of animated movies and selected the ones that really moved me. 84 Why - You - Hate - Your - Voice - and - How - To - Fix - It by vocalcoach ( 1,408 followers ) I hate my voice! If you're one of the majority of people who feel this way you've come to the right place because you're about to learn Why You Hate Your Voice and How to Fix It.Every speaking voice can be changed. You can learn to like the way you sound with these tips on speaking with a rich, confident and clear voice. 22 &quot;Mighty Morphin Power Rangers&quot;: Original actors, the characters they portrayed, and their post ranger lives. by prospectboy ( 232 followers ) Mighty Morphin Power Rangers was an extremely popular show in the early 90's. We're going to revisit the show, and find out what's going on with the original six Power Rangers. 47 Chuck Norris---is one of Sixty Sexy Actors---60 Years Old and Older by PurvisBobbi44 ( 422 followers ) Sixty Sexy Actors---These actors are the quintessence of all performers in this century. Most still act and all are still very sexy and gorgeous. 26 Interesting Fun Facts About The Walking Dead by Georgie Lowery ( 447 followers ) The Walking Dead is a cable television series that chronicles the lives of the survivors of a zombie apocalypse. Here are several fun factoids about the show and it's actors and other staff. 9 The Protest Movement: The 10 Best Political Protest Songs of the 60s by spartucusjones ( 231 followers ) The 1960s was a decade of social activism. Here is the 10 best protest songs of the 60s protest movement. 35 The Top 10 Best High School Gang Movies by vmartinezwilson ( 202 followers ) This is the Top 10 List for the Best high school gang movies every filmed. They're violent, forceful and teenagers who don't care about their parents or the law. See if your favorite made the list. 23 Best Mecha Anime - Top 10 by MaskaThor ( 3 followers ) Here are the Top 10 Mecha Animes that are really the greatest masterpieces of Anime industry 3 The Costumes of Star Wars - Princess Leia by lafenty ( 242 followers ) Princess Leia Organa is the twin sister of Luke Skywalker and the daughter of Padme Amidala Skywalker and Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader. 26 Top 10 Sexiest Women of CBS's Survivor (With Pictures) by Anaya M. Baker ( 452 followers ) Top ten sexiest women of CBS reality show Survivor, includes photos, show history, and brief bios. 49 Psychological Movies - The Best 25 Ever by Susana S ( 2,207 followers ) The Best Psychological Movies Ever Made. 25 movies that twist your mind and make you think to add to your DVD or Blu Ray collection. 46 Best Teen Movies: Films for and About Teenagers by stephhicks68 ( 3,550 followers ) The best teen movies - many are classics. These films capture the angst, struggles and life-changing experiences associated with being a teenager 1 Best Humorous Stage Musicals by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) We go to the theater for many reasons: to be entertained, uplifted, touched, or more. But sometimes we just want to laugh. Read on for the best humorous stage musicals. 0 Out Among the Stars - The Charmer by Vista15 ( 13 followers ) Inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2004, this meeting with Kris Kristofferson was in 1994. 'The Charmer' is an excerpt from an eventual book, 'Out Among the Stars' by Tiana Dreymor . 0 Is Geek the New Chic? by dimanched Much has changed since the days of &quot;Revenge of the Nerds&quot; when being into comics and games was social suicide. Now, being a geek has become something new, different, and dare I say it - cool. 5 Top 10 Greatest Running Man Episodes by xypherfarrell ( 6 followers ) Running Man has a lot of great episodes but there are great and there are groundbreaking. Below are 10 of those episodes. 17 How to Approach Learning to Play the Piano by JohnMello ( 163 followers ) Do you want to learn to play the piano? Here are a few things to ask yourself before you begin. 14 The Best Documentaries Available On Netflix Instant Stream by jmartin1344 ( 118 followers ) Netflix has a massive library of movies, and one of its most robust categories is Documentaries. Here is a list of the best Documentaries available on Netflix Instant Stream. 2 Freak Show and Circus-Themed Music Videos by Christy Kirwan ( 119 followers ) Check out these 10 music videos with circus and freak show themes to see how the aesthetic has permeated popular culture, and how many performers have made it their own. 0 The Best Foreign Films Available On Netflix Instant Stream by jmartin1344 ( 118 followers ) Check out my list of some of the best foreign films available to stream instanly on Netflix. 6 Mockingjay Filming and Casting: Hunger Games 3 by cocopreme ( 540 followers ) Mockingjay casting and filming information, extra casting call updates, fantasy casting polls, and more about the final installment of the Hunger Games series 12 18 Romantic Christmas Movies by Janellegems ( 105 followers ) Christmas is not a time to only shop, but a time to enjoy holiday movies with your friends and family. Here are some great christmas movies with romance and love and some are also very funny. 14 7 Movies about Life &ndash; Life Changing Movies by Hunbbel Meer ( 538 followers ) This is a list of the top 7 life changing movies. These movies about life can bring positive changes in your way of living. 20 What Is Dave Chappelle Doing These Days? by mperrottet ( 214 followers ) Dave Chappelle is back! He's headlining the five week &quot;Oddball Comedy &amp; Curiosity Festival&quot; beginning August 23rd. 47 The Essentials of Great A Capella Music: Ten great vocal groups in the music industry by midget38 ( 461 followers ) A Capella is an expressive musical form that makes use of the most natural musical instrument of all- the human voice. Here are 10 of the best A Capella groups around. 10 How to Teach Young Children Piano by Julie DeNeen ( 638 followers ) If you have a child who shows an affinity to the piano but is not old enough for formal lessons, the following article will give parents ideas for teaching early piano skills. 52 10 Reasons Why Being Famous Isn't All That Great by EuroNinila ( 281 followers ) My top 10 reasons why I think being famous isn't all that great. You can agree or disagree, this is based on pure opinion. 0 How to pick a Beginner Digital Piano by TheHungryArtist The piano is a very rewarding instrument that can provide hours of enjoyment, and open you up to a world of music you never thought possible. However, choosing a quality instrument can be a daunting decisions, so I am going to go over some of the... 142 30 Songs From the 80's That You Can't Get Out of Your Head by kelleyward ( 734 followers ) Music from the 80's was eclectic, raw, catchy, and sometimes annoying. Among the great 80's songs you'll find these 30 songs from the 80's that you can't get out of your head. 136 Catching Fire Movie: The Hunger Games 2 by cocopreme ( 540 followers ) News about the second movie in the Hunger Games series. Casting and filming updates, and more for Catching Fire, the Hunger Games sequel due out in 2013. 6 Play Boogie Woogie Piano by JohnMello ( 163 followers ) Boogie Woogie sounds great on the piano. Here&rsquo;s an easy way to learn the basics and start playing boogie woogie piano music quickly. 31 Top Ten Beautiful Metal Songs by TheHeavyReview ( 65 followers ) Often frowned upon for being harsh and unemotional, metal actually has more than its fair share of beautiful songs. I&rsquo;ve compiled ten here. My only rule is that only one song from a band gets listed, so that no bands are repeated. Please also note... 21 The Best Recent Movies You've Never Heard Of! by jmartin1344 ( 118 followers ) Love movies? All movies? Well this is a list of some film gems that you might not have seen but should definitely check out soon. 6 Guitar chords in Open C Tuning by Jon Green ( 590 followers ) Guitar lesson on Open C tuning, with chord pictures and practical tips. 28 How to Play Keyboard Chords for beginners by Jon Green ( 590 followers ) Keyboard and piano lesson for beginners. Includes photos of easy chords. 25 Most Influential Rock Albums of all Time by SimeyC ( 1,304 followers ) Picking the most influential rock albums of all time is like picking a needle out of a haystack the size of Jupiter, suffice to say it isn&rsquo;t easy. For some bands I could have chosen ten or eleven albums (Beatles, Elvis, Dylan etc.) but for the sake of this list I tried to pick their most influential album. 54 Avatar vs. FernGully Similarities - Nothing New Under the Sun by Rose West ( 526 followers ) James Cameron's Avatar was a box-office hit, but was it also just an old cartoon brought back to life? Both Avatar and Fern Gully have similar plot lines and environmentalist agendas. 6 The Best Lesbian Movies EVER by LizzieBathory ( 1 follower ) This is a BBC film about two girls who live in the English Yorkshire countryside and meet over summer vacation. Mona (Natalie Press), who's mother has died of cancer and has never met her father, lives with her brother Phil (Paddy Considine) above a... 9 Emma Peel: The Avengers by JustBon ( 21 followers ) Emma Peel made her television debut in the UK in October, 1965. I do not think my husband has ever been the same since. Diana Rigg's cool, beautiful and cat like characterization guaranteed that grown men would turn into slobbering, lavicious... 35 Patrick Swayze by frogdropping ( 1,656 followers ) Patrick Swayze has, for many years, been synonymous with the films Dirty Dancing and Ghost. That said, there's more to Patrick that just his on-screen personas. 65 Moving a Used Grain Bin - a Day in the Life of a Rural Contractor by Joy At Home ( 222 followers ) A picture-journal entry showing how to move an erected grain bin on a flatbed trailer. Much useful discussion and advice in the comments section, should you wish to move your own bin in this way. 3 Guitar Chords - lead guitar improvisation by Jon Green ( 590 followers ) Guitar Lesson - playing lead guitar, with scale diagrams and basic theory. 0 Free PDF Guitar, Mandolin, and Ukulele Chord and Music Charts by pptmaps ( 6 followers ) Acoustic Music TV is your source for free printable guitar, mandolin and ukulele chord and music charts that you can download and print out for your jam notebook. Each chart is set up on an 8.5 x 11 page, ready for 3 hole punching, easy to read, a... 322 Celebrities on Twitter - Complete List Of Celebrity Twitter Accounts by Julie-Ann Amos ( 1,189 followers ) Celebrities on Twitter? Surely not for real? Oh yes. Well, it seems Twitter is not just the place where us everyday folk congregate and discuss what we&rsquo;re up to. Minor and major celebrities from all over... 6 Costume Ideas Starting With The Letter H by Party Girl ( 91 followers ) With letter parties ('Come as something dressed as the letter ....') becoming more popular, the Party Girl Hubs present a selection of costume ideas starting with the Letter H 105 Infamous 18: Rock Stars Who Died at 27 by Kosmo ( 991 followers ) This article lists the rock stars who died under infamous circumstances at the age of 27. A short biography is also provided for each rocker. 4 The Impossible: Family and survival in the 2004 tsunami by Thief12 ( 36 followers ) J.A. Bayona's 2012 film puts us right in the middle of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, while a family struggles to find each other and survive. 1 Musicals for People Who Love History by SaffronBlossom ( 160 followers ) Many musicals take past eras, people, or events as their inspiration, from the June Rebellion to presidential assassins. This article covers the best musicals for history buffs. 0 1o Most Popular Movies of Jackie Chan by nnms ( 9 followers ) Jackie Chan has acted in about 150 films, out of which top 10 of his movies are listed for fans of Chan. 0 Anime analysis &amp; review: Sword Art Online by JamesAng12 ( 8 followers ) In a world where Virtual MMORPG has become a reality, imagine yourself being trapped in a &quot;death game,&quot; whereby the only means of escaping alive is to finish the entire game - without dying even once. 8 Gorgeous Korean Actors: Sexy Males On Screen by Cardisa ( 959 followers ) The most gorgeous Korean male actors. Can you stand the heat? 7 Margin Call (2011) by Hackslap ( 165 followers ) Margin Call is one of my favorite modern movies as it brilliantly depicted (helped by a stellar cast), the first steps some investment banks took when they smelt the sub prime mortgage crisis coming. 19 The Conjuring: Movie Reviews, True Story, and Videos by habee ( 3,210 followers ) Learn more about The Conjuring true story, along with reviews of the movie. Trailers and video interviews are included. 0 How to make a remix in 3 easy steps! by purex ( 1 follower ) If you've ever wondered how to create your own remix, I explain how to do it in 3 easy steps. The topic is huge, so I've tried to keep it as simple as possible with live examples. 9 The Best Socially Awkward Comedy Films of all Time by Theophanes ( 526 followers ) Do you like movies whose characters are completely socially awkward? Do you like cringing in your seat watching them get into one bizarre situation after another? Then these are the movies for you! 0 How to Delete Multiple Photos on Instagram by Geniusknight ( 5 followers ) Learn how to delete multiple photos on Instagram with ease and without using any software. An easy and faster way to delete photos on Instagram. 0 Best Acoustic Guitar Under $500 2013 by EricDockett ( 144 followers ) If you&rsquo;re looking for the best acoustic guitar under $500 in 2013 this article will start you off with some great ideas. You needn&rsquo;t spend a fortune to land a great guitar! 0 South African Music &amp; Dance's Struggle Against Culture Wars: A View Of The Music and Dance Of Africans of South Africa by ixwa ( 190 followers ) South African Music, Dance, Culture and Tradition reviewed; Defining Culture of the Zulus, Xhosas, Tswanas, Pedi, Sothos, Vendas, Shangaans, Ndebeles, Swazis, Vendas, Khoisans and Colored Peoples 6 Extreme Plastic Surgery. The Human Barbie by Skarlet ( 282 followers ) Valierie Lukyanova is the new human barbie, beating Cindy Jackson for the title. Anastasiya is known as the anime girl. She uses makeup and plastic surgery to achieve her extreme looks. 2 The Media's Obsession With Celebrities: Fame's Negative Side by Polly C ( 311 followers ) I am not a celebrity. I am simply a writer with my own ideas, opinions and creative pursuits. Behind my words, you cannot see me, except for a small profile picture in the corner of the screen. If you saw me in the street, you would not recognise... 12 Covert Affairs---Season Four Episode Seven ---&ldquo;Crackity Jones&quot; August 27th on USA by PurvisBobbi44 ( 422 followers ) Annie is a super-agent for the CIA, there is nothing she will not do for her country or her friends. She has a big kind heart for the worthy and a bullet for the unworthy. Covert Affair is dangerous. 37 How to Stalk People on Facebook Using the Close Friends Feature by Jeannieinabottle ( 1,013 followers ) Would you like to take your Facebook stalking to an entirely new level? Why not try the new Close Friends feature? You can monitor your friends every move with it! 102 What Happens in Downton Abbey Season (Series) 3 Plots, Storylines and Spoilers by Rik Ravado ( 748 followers ) Downton Abbey Series 3 -Everything you need to know about Dowton including alternative plots, 1 and a half weddings and a funeral! 9 The Top Ten Eminem Diss Tracks by Beatlemania ( 4 followers ) The famous diss track. Something that has become a big part of rap. Countless rappers have dissed countless rappers on songs, but if there's one man who's the best at it, you know who it is. Eminem. I'm going to be counting down the king of diss... 26 The movie, Black Hawk Down as seen by a cynic and the very real tragedy that is Somalia by lmmartin ( 991 followers ) I've long avoided watching Black Hawk Down. I hate war. I hate movies about war,particularly movies that glorify war. I had just spent several weeks in research preparing to write a paper on the tragedy of Somalia, so this time, given the opportunity I watched it. 7 Filipino Celebrities Who Graduated With Flying Colors by she_online83 ( 10 followers ) We can&rsquo;t deny the fact that most of us are fond ofcelebrities, and each one of us has our own favorites. We have different reasonwhy we like a certain celebrity, some would say it&rsquo;s because she is very goodin acting, she&rsquo;s a good performer,... 10 Top 10 Popular Movies with Cougar Characters - Best Films on Older Woman and Younger Man Relationships by Anamika S ( 2,353 followers ) If you like Cougar Movies where an Older Woman seduces a younger Man, you would find my list of top best 10 romance films with Cougar Women on prowl for Men impressive. 6 The Best Tim Minchin Quotes: Wisdom from an Irreverent Genius. by TahoeDoc ( 264 followers ) Tim Minchin uses humor in a uniquely brilliant way to defend reason, humanitarianism and peace. He is an amazing talent- both musically and comically. 48 Runaway Train - UNSTOPPABLE True Courage by Patty Inglish, MS ( 6,433 followers ) The engineer in a single-man crew got out of his locomotive and 8888 ran away on a freight haul in May 2001, just four months prior to 9/11. It traveled on its own at up to 47 mph for almost 2 hours from near Toledo to Kenton, 55 miles northwest of Columbus, with a chemically hazardous load in two cars... 23 10 Best Classical Piano Sonatas? by Piano Street ( 31 followers ) After you have gone through this list, it will be clear to you that a piano sonata can be a lot of different things - for instance a short, four-minute, one movement piece; or a five movement work of epic proportions. is. This hub is intended as an overview of some of the most important sonata composers and some of their masterworks. 82 Sexiest Women in the Philippines by twentyfive ( 585 followers ) Meet the sexiest women in the Philippines, this is exclusiveand it contains the latest sexiest and most beautiful women in the Philippinestoday. Look not to other pages but here. Real sexy means real beauty, brain and class so I&rsquo;m talking... 13 Star Trek Original Series vs Star Trek Next Generation by drej2522 ( 252 followers ) Although both series carry the Star Trek name, and have similar themes such as space, the USS Enterprise, and Starfleet; the original series and the next generation are entirely different. Since I am a fan of both series, I'm going to try to compare the two trek shows, head-on, and see which series was actually better. 147 6 Tips For How You Can Sing and Singing Better Than Ever by vocalcoach ( 1,408 followers ) Here are 6 easy tips for improving your present singing voice. Confidence is everything, so you must begin believing in yourself. Until you do this, others will not believe you either.These 6 tips work. Practice learning each one and you will be singing better than ever. 44 Tom Hanks Movies List by Edweirdo ( 939 followers ) Nominated for five Academy Awards and winner of two in a row, Tom Hanks is one of the most loved actors in Hollywood. Tom Hanks movies rarely disappoint!Tom Hanks got his start in community theater, and within a few years he was starring in a hit TV show. After a few more appearances on TV, Tom Hanks met Ron Howard on the set of &quot;Happy days&quot;. That led to the lead role in &quot;Splash&quot;, and Tom Hanks' career skyrocketed from there! Learn more and see a list of some of Tom Hanks best movies 14 The Life and Many Loves of Clark Gable by gunsock ( 161 followers ) Clark Gable was what is now referred to as a toyboy. He used his attractiveness to women as a means of furthering his career. All his life he was a a womaniser, a serial seducer and philanderer. 8 Disney Princes: An Objective Analysis by Tora Glory ( 13 followers ) The Leading Men of Disney Ah, Disney. The home of magic and fairytales and happily ever afters. Where every sixteen year old princess has a song in her heart, a twinkle in her eye, and perfectly coiffed hair. Despite witches and evil stepmothers and... 6 How to repair broken piano keys by ikta ( 8 followers ) If you are looking for a piano but don't want to spend much money, find a used piano in your locality and do the necessary repairs yourself. This way, not only you will get to know your instrument, but you will save money as well... 7 Old, Classic Hollywood's Famous Couples by lafenty ( 242 followers ) There have been countless unforgettable romances portrayed on the big screen throughout Hollywood's history. Some of these romances continued off screen as well. 0 10 Most Beautiful Korean Actresses in the World by maciejcorvo ( 16 followers ) Let's read about ten prettiest, most beautiful, and most popular Korean actresses in the world. What do you think about them? Which one is your favorite? 2 Breaking Amish: A Guilty Pleasure TV Show by LCDWriter ( 66 followers ) Breaking Amish on TLC is a popular series following the lives of Amish and Mennonite. But is it fake? Should we feel guilty about watching them lose their innocence? 0 Cyril Wecht - Biography of a Celebrity Pathologist by Mel Jay ( 58 followers ) Cyril Wecht - coroner to the rich and famous. Dr Wecht gave expert evidence on the JFK, Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley, OJ Simpson and JonBenet Ramsay cases to name just a few. 0 Imagine Dragons songs: &quot;Demons&quot; meaning and lyrics, song of the week (6/23/13 - 6/29/13) by Click2Connect ( 4 followers ) As picked by Click2Connect, Imagine Dragon's &quot;Demons&quot; is our editors choice for song of the week for June 23, 2013. Read the review and song analysis to find out why! 4 Ten Most Richest Actors In The World by Abhinav Narang ( 7 followers ) Thousands of films are released every year. Most of them fail to make a mark, but some impress the audience. The actors in films influence their box office success. But who's the richest of them all? 7 Best Forgotten '90s Horror Movies by Dustin85 ( 5 followers ) Horror Movies of the '90s are often overlooked. Here are some of the very best '90s Horror Movies you may have forgotten about. 4 New Best Animated Movies for 2013 by David Trujillo ( 44 followers ) A list of animated movies that have been or will be released in the upcoming months of 2013. 0 Best Bass Guitar Brands 2013 by EricDockett ( 144 followers ) Trying to figure out which are the best bass guitar brands? This article can help you find a bass that&rsquo;s right for you in 2013. 0 The 30 Best CSI: NY Episodes Ever by wvugirl2007 ( 9 followers ) Most best ever lists are Top 10 or Top 25, but CSI: NY is so good I could not get the list smaller than 30. I really tried, but this show is too good. With the 9th season wrapped here are my picks! 4 Best Guitar Amp Under $500 2013 by EricDockett ( 144 followers ) If you're looking for the best guitar amp under $500 check out these 5 great options, all with plenty of power for gigs and rehearsals. 2 The Best Titles of Each Anime Genre by ghintz ( 4 followers ) How can one person wade through decades of anime to find the very best? For your ease, anime fan, I've divided anime up by its genres (or different &quot;types&quot;) and offer you the best titles for each category along with what, in detail, makes that series so awesome. 16 Celebrity Moms Who Had Babies as Teenagers by Careermommy ( 184 followers ) Before they were stars, they were statistics. The following six celebrities overcame the stigma of teen pregnancy and rose to the top of their game. 9 Top 10 Best Anime Quotes by dailytop10 ( 154 followers ) Unlike what a few believe, watching an anime series is not a waste of time. Aside from the fun and excitement that comes with every action, most anime series, if not all, incorporate life lessons. The people behind them usually express the true... 16 Top 10 Strongest Dragonball Z Characters by dailytop10 ( 154 followers ) Who's the strongest Dragonball Z Character? Place your bets here! 10 List of All Katy Perry Songs Including Unreleased Tracks and Demos by Learn Things Web ( 276 followers ) Katy Perry has only had two successful albums but she has actually recorded dozens of songs. Many are demos and unreleased songs from the years she struggled to break into the music industry. This is a complete list of all Katy Perry songs I have found. 23 The Anime Filler Guide: All Filler Episodes from All Animes by Boefie ( 26 followers ) This the anime filler guide which contains a complete filler list of the filler episodes from all anime series including Naruto, Bleach, One Piece, Fairy Tail, Pokemon and more. Updated Monthly 35 Top 10 strongest Sith Lords of all time by Rui Carreira ( 206 followers ) This Hub is about the top 10 strongest Sith of all time. 24 Top 14 Best Anime Series of all Time by Boefie ( 26 followers ) The top 14 anime series of all time! The most memorable and epic anime series are listed here. I selected them based on the impression they left on me. 79 10 reasons why Spiderman is better than Batman by petenali ( 275 followers ) Spiderman versus Batman. With the release of &quot;The Amazing Spiderman&quot; and &quot;The Dark Knight Rises&quot; in the summer of 2012, let's take a look at the leading characters and examine why Spiderman is better than Batman... 14 How to relearn the piano after not playing for a long time by nifwlseirff ( 420 followers ) Returning and re-learning the piano can be frustrating. These tips will help increase motivation and enjoyment, and prevent burn-out. 13 Best Comedy Movies to Watch on a Rainy Day by brittanytodd ( 388 followers ) This is a list of some of the best (lesser-known) comedies that are sure to keep you laughing the whole way through. I have included trailers, ratings, reviews and more so you can pick the one that is best for you. 62 Milk Thistle and Hemlock: The Prickly and the Poisonous by WannaB Writer ( 472 followers ) Milk thistle and poison hemlock growing together, as they often do. Almost anyone who walks in Lawrence Moore Park in Paso Robles or has rural property in Templeton or Paso Robles has seen these two gorgeous weeds and has probably seen them growing... 6 Part-writing Chords: Tonic And Dominant I by Doc Snow ( 196 followers ) How to write the most common Classical chord progression, with audio/video examples and easy-to-understand explanations. The concepts of a &quot;lead sheet,&quot; of chordal &quot;voices,&quot; of &quot;spacing&quot; and &quot;doubling,&quot; of the &quot;leading tone&quot; and of &quot;relative motion&quot; are all explained.It's a simple--but not simplistic--introduction to &quot;part-writing&quot; in Classical style. 25 10 Things You Might Not Know About Harry Potter by YadiraE ( 113 followers ) People who have not read the books can now know some interesting and fun details about the Harry Potter saga. From who marries who at the end of the series to who murdered who, this article informs you of all the juicy details. 17 Today's Best Opera Singers: Sopranos and Mezzo-Sopranos by collegatariat ( 96 followers ) A list of some of the best divas of today's classical stage. Definitely not exhaustive, but my personal favorites. Who do you love to listen to? 24 5 Bands People Love to Hate (for No Reason) by mrpopo ( 171 followers ) I always hear people complaining about bands. Maybe you just don&rsquo;t like that type of music. That&rsquo;s fine. But hating a band for a generic reason that doesn&rsquo;t really have anything to do with their music is, well, dumb. Bands shouldn't be hated for something that other bands are also guilty of (and don&rsquo;t get any bad rep for) or something that shouldn&rsquo;t influence your opinion on musical taste. This article talks about 5 bands that people love to hate. 18 Top 10 Best Nirvana Songs by HumanPerception ( 31 followers ) Nirvana is the name of one of the most famous and influential rock bands of the 20th Century. The band is famous for its grunge and punk sound, heavy drums, interesting riffs and poetic lyrics. The band consisted of Kurt Cobain, Dave Grohl and Krist... 18 Best 9 Songs about Parents by Tracy Lynn Conway ( 385 followers ) Song list for parents of the best songs about parenting. Watch videos from artists like Elton John, Harry Chapin, John Mayer, Taylor Swift and more. 15 Top 10 - Best 80's Hair Bands by mcrawford76 ( 141 followers ) In the 80's there was and explosion of &quot;Techno Pop&quot;, mostly garbage like Wham, Bananarama, and so many other pointless bands. Most new music coming out was garbage that seemed toclog the airwaves. My friends and I found solice in classic rock,... 42 Rock Songs about God and Jesus by habee ( 3,210 followers ) I don&rsquo;t know why, but the other day I was thinking about pop songs and rock songs that mention God or Jesus. Several of the ones I recalled were from my teenage years, when around here, it was &ldquo;cool&rdquo; to be a Christian. Maybe you remember the... 14 Superbowl 2012-2013: Super Bowl Future Sites, Locations 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, Ticket Contest, Superbowl XLVII by ExpandYourMind ( 173 followers ) The Superbowl is one of the most celebrated events worldwide with millions tuned in to cheer for the champions of the AFC and NFC football conferences. Here's NFL and Superbowl history, as well as, the low-down on 2012 - 2013 season with scores and... 0 Greatest of the WWE's Worst Championship Draws by ParadigmEnacted ( 34 followers ) Internet wrestling fans and wrestling insiders alike like to single out the WWE stars who drew the least while having at least one extended run with the World Title. It is a way to distinguish these individuals from the true legends and box office... 0 1948 Academy Award for Best Actor: The Nominees and Their Movies by brianlokker ( 100 followers ) The 1948 Oscar nominations for Best Actor recognized excellent performances by Ronald Colman, John Garfield, Gregory Peck, William Powell, and Michael Redgrave. 0 Anime Review of Devil Survivor 2 by Can Tran ( 9 followers ) Devil Survivor 2 is the latest in Shin Megumi Tensei games to have given an anime adaptation. 0 Full Series Review 5: Pumpkin Scissors by RachaelLefler ( 119 followers ) Pumpkin Scissors is definitely an under-appreciated anime series. Set in a post-war European country, it explores many social issues dealing with restoring order in a country torn apart by conflict. 0 The Modernization of Fairy Tales by lovektj ( 2 followers ) Fairy Tales are making a comeback, but in a different form. Many fairy tales are being modernized to fit into our society. Here is a list of my four favorite fairy tale modernizations in TV. 1 2 3 4 &hellip; Next HubPages about us help blog link to this page copyright directory Copyright &copy; 2013 HubPages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved. Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners. HubPages &reg; is a registered Service Mark of HubPages, Inc. terms of use privacy policy (0.03 sec) working 