  Call today to schedule a Free Consultation: 1.800.201.9001 Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content About Us Testimonials Locations Southgate Dearborn Heights Novi Traverse City Blog Video Gallery Contact Us Commercial Glass Residential Glass Shower Doors Window and Door replacement Remodeling Services Car Upholstery & Convertible Tops Glass Replacement Auto Glass Car Upholstery &#038; Convertible Tops Michigan Mobile Glass &amp; Trim is the place for expert work on car interior restoration and replacement. We offer full repair and restoration service, including cleaning. From Ford to Ferrari, we’ll make sure your car’s interior looks like the day it rolled off the lot. Is there a tear or leak in your convertible’s top? Over time, your top’s fabric wears out and begins to loosen. Don’t let the elements ruin your car’s interior- rejuvenate your convertible with a repair or replacement top.  There’s not a job we can’t do. We offer work on: Interiors including carpet and upholstery Convertible tops Camper and RV tops and interiors Truck upholstery. Motorcycle seats and bags Cleaning and deodorizing services Custom applications We also tackle flood and fire damage. Need work on a boat a boat interior? Bring it in. If the boat is too large to bring in, we can come to you. We work with the utmost care, whether your car is a classic, brand new, or has a few miles on it. Any job large or small is welcome. We’ll take care of the details.  Call or email us now for a free estimate. Michigan Convertible Tops | Michigan Auto Upholstery | Michigan Upholstery Repair Request a FREE Consultation Call us at 1.800.201.9001 or fill out the form below and a member of our staff will contact you shortly: Name Phone Number Email Address Additional Info  Commercial Glass Window and Door Replacement Residential Glass Shower Doors Auto Glass Car Upholstery &#038; Convertible Tops Remodeling Services About Us Testimonials Locations Blog Video Gallery Contact Us Privacy Policy Site Map Follow us on: 