  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home  &raquo;


	 Arts and Entertainment  &raquo;	


	 Books 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts &amp; Entertainment 
 
 General 
 Books 
 Casinos &amp; Gambling 
 Celebrities 
 Magazines 
 Movies 
 Music 
 New Age 
 Performing Arts 
 Photography 
 Television 
 
 
 
 Automotive 
 
 General 
 Classic Autos 
 Motorcycle &amp; Bike 
 Racecar &amp; Racing 
 Recreational Vehicle 
 Repair &amp; Service 
 
 
 
 Beauty 
 
 
 Business 
 
 General 
 Advertising Marketing 
 Architecture 
 Books 
 Consumer Research 
 Direct Marketing 
 e Commerce 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Finance 
 Franchise 
 Human Resources 
 Insurance 
 Investment 
 Management 
 Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Online Marketing SEO 
 Public Relations 
 Real Estate 
 Retail 
 Stocks 
 Supermarkets 
 Women in Business 
 
 
 
 Coaching Mentoring 
 
 
 Consumer 
 
 General 
 Gifts &amp; Collectibles 
 Hobby &amp; Crafts 
 Web Sites Internet 
 
 
 
 Design 
 
 General 
 Graphic Design 
 Industrial 
 Web 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 General 
 College University 
 Home Schooling 
 K 12 
 Post Graduate 
 Technical 
 
 
 
 Employment Careers 
 
 
 Fashion 
 
 General 
 Apparel 
 General 
 Jewelery 
 
 
 
 Financial 
 
 General 
 Banking 
 Economy 
 High Tech Internet 
 Investments 
 
 
 
 Government &amp; Politics 
 
 General 
 Judicial 
 Legislative 
 Local 
 National 
 Security 
 State 
 
 
 
 Health &amp; Fitness 
 
 
 Home &amp; Family 
 
 General 
 Banking Personal Finance 
 Bereavement Loss 
 Home Furnishings Interiors 
 Lawn &amp; Garden 
 Marriage Relationships 
 Parenting 
 Wedding &amp; Bridal 
 
 
 
 Industry 
 
 General 
 Aerospace Defense 
 Agriculture 
 Apparel Textiles 
 Broadcast 
 Construction Building 
 Electrical 
 Food 
 Funeral 
 Healthcare 
 Leisure Hospitality 
 Logistics Shipping 
 Manufacturing Production 
 Mining Metals 
 Oil Energy 
 Paper Forest Products 
 Plumbing Heating AC 
 Print Media 
 Printing 
 Publishing 
 Radio 
 Restaurants 
 Telecommunications 
 Tobacco 
 Transportation &amp; Trucking 
 
 
 
 Law &amp; Legal 
 
 
 Lifestyle 
 
 General 
 Beauty 
 Dating Singles 
 Diet Weight Loss 
 Food Beverage 
 Health &amp; Fitness 
 Hotel Resorts 
 Leisure &amp; Recreation 
 Restaurants 
 Retirement 
 Travel &amp; Tourism 
 
 
 
 Medical 
 
 General 
 Addiction 
 Allergies 
 Alternative Medicine 
 Asthma 
 Cancer 
 Cardiology 
 Chiropractic 
 Dental 
 Dermatology 
 Diabetes 
 Family Medicine 
 Geriatrics 
 Infectious Diseases 
 Internal Medicine 
 Managed Care HMO 
 Medical Products 
 Mental Health 
 Neurology 
 Nursing 
 Nutrition 
 OB GYN 
 Pediatrics 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Physical Therapy 
 Plastic Surgery 
 Psychology 
 Radiology Imaging 
 Research 
 Sports Medicine 
 Surgery 
 Vision 
 
 
 
 Military 
 
 
 Non profit 
 
 
 Nutrition &amp; Vitamins 
 
 
 Opinion Editorial 
 
 
 Pets &amp; Animals 
 
 
 Religion 
 
 General 
 Christianity 
 Hindu 
 Islam 
 Judaism 
 Other 
 Spirituality 
 
 
 
 Society 
 
 General 
 African American Interests 
 Asian Interests 
 Children's Issues 
 Disabled Issues Disabilities 
 Gay Lesbian 
 Hispanic 
 Men's Interests 
 Native American 
 Senior Citizens 
 Social Services 
 Teen Issues Interests 
 Women's Interest 
 
 
 
 Sports 
 
 General 
 Baseball 
 Basketball 
 Boating &amp; Fishing 
 Football 
 Golf 
 Martial Arts 
 Running 
 Soccer 
 Water &amp; Surf 
 Winter Sports 
 
 
 
 Technology &amp; Computers 
 
 General 
 BioTechnology 
 Enterprise Software 
 Games 
 Graphics Printing CAD 
 Hardware Peripherals 
 Internet 
 Linux GNU 
 Multimedia 
 NanoTechnology 
 Networking 
 Office Products &amp; Technology 
 Operating Systems 
 Robotics 
 Security 
 Software 
 Webmasters 
 
 
 
 Weather 
 
 
 
 
 Submit Press Release 
 Guidelines 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts and Entertainment: Books Press Releases 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mumpreneur Profiles the Experts in Ultimate Guide to Combining Motherhood and Business 
 
			Vivacious Australian publicist and journalist Johanna Baker-Dowdell wrote Business and Baby on Board, a working mum's bible for succeeding as an entrepreneur, over four years while juggling her own start-up and young family.		 
 
 
 Mystery Author Robert Thornhill Releases Lady Justice And The Lottery 
 
			Robert Thornhill, award-winning mystery/comedy author, releases Lady Justice and the Lottery, the fourteenth volume in his Lady Justice series.		 
 
 
 LitBound for Android - The Ultimate Literature Game for the Voracious Reader and Hardcore Book Lover! 
 
			SparkNET has released version 1.0 of the literature-based game LitBound for Android mobile devices. Designed for the hardcore book lover and voracious reader, LitBound gives users the opportunity to test their knowledge and memory for the greatest, most popular books of all time. In the app, you're given one iconic image that represents the title of a famous novel. It's your job to decipher that image and come up with the correct title. Guess it right and you move on to the next puzzle!  Guess it wrong and a librarian will come to your door and smack you with a hardcover book (okay, we're just kidding about that part ...).		 
 
 
 Award-Winning 'Naked' Author Releases Two New Novels 
 
			Dick Waters released the latest additions to his Scott Tucker series. Fragrance of Revenge and Foreplay for Murder are now available on Amazon in eBook format.		 
 
 
 Mrs. Muffin Topp: New Book Helps Women Overcome Life's Hurdles and Move Forward in Their Lives 
 
			Written by a respected professional development expert, 'Mrs. Muffin Topp' seeks to help women tackle and break down barriers that often hamper personal progress and change.		 
 
 
 With the Release of Imminent Danger, Alls Unleashes a Gargantuan Driving Force of Action and Magic Upon the Unsuspecting. 
 
			Young adult author, Ryan J Alls has always had a thirst for creative action and captivating fantasy worlds. With the release of his debut action/fantasy novel, Imminent Danger, Ryan introduces readers to Eli Brassie, an heir to one of three omnipotent bloodlines.		 
 
 
 Mackin Educational Resources Sponsors Launch of New Kate DiCamillo Book 
 
			Holy bagumba! Newbery Award-winning author Kate DiCamillo is introducing readers to a new novel in September, and fans of all ages are already buzzing with excitement. On Tuesday, September 24, Flora and Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures (Candlewick Press) is being nationally launched with the kick-off celebration at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul, Minnesota. Tickets are available now but are expected to sell out quickly. 		 
 
 
 Static Movement Press to Feature Ten of Thomas M. Malafarina's Short Stories in New Anthologies 
 
			Ten of horror author Thomas M. Malafarina's short stories will be featured in various new anthologies coming soon from Static Movement Press.		 
 
 
 Author of Wings of the Wind: A Cornucopia of Poetry Discusses TheraPoetry on The Francene Marie Show 
 
			Kym Gordon Moore, author of "Wings of the Wind: A Cornucopia of Poetry" discusses her concept of TheraPoetry (therapy or healing through poetry) on The Francene Marie Show. TheraPoetry includes five steps to personal and poetic healing.		 
 
 
 Local Recycling Business Owner Launches Debut Romance Novel 
 
			Local La Mirada resident, romance author, and recycling business owner Jennifer Garcia in Long Beach, will debut her contemporary romance novella "In My Mother's Footsteps" July 1, 2013 as part of Renaissance Romance Publishing's Beach Reads line. She is planning a release party in September for her launch, which will include the launch of her debut contemporary romance novel "My Mr. Manny."		 
 
 
 Authors Invited to Attend Summer eBook Writing Retreat 
 
			The Ebook Academy is hosting a Summer Ebook Writing Retreat in Oceanside, California from August 2 to August 4, 2013		 
 
 
 Intuitive New Author Launches A Bestselling Book 
 
			Edna's book Friends Learn, is about her experiences though a children's perspective to teach a message.		 
 
 
 New Self-Help Book Release: The Third Vision: The Science Of Personal Transformation 
 
			Physician, entrepreneur and clinical faculty at UBC, Dr. Francis H. Vala is pleased to announce the release of his new self-help book, The Third Vision: The science of personal transformation.		 
 
 
 New Book, the Anti-Cousin, Promises to Surprise and Entertain Readers 
 
			This is the author's first novel in publication format, but reading between the lines shows a lot of sense and literary prowess. 		 
 
 
 Award-Winning Author M. R. Mathias Returns With New Entry Into Critically Acclaimed Fantasy Series 
 
			"Emerald Rider (Dragoneer Saga Book Four)" by M. R. Mathias offers readers valiant escapades, wicked battles and heart-wrenching loss in the fourth installment in "The Dragoneer Saga".

		 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chicago Poet Cairenn Rhys Releases New Collection: Upon Higher Ground 
 
			"Upon Higher Ground" is a collection of spiritual poetry and prose by Chicago author and poet, Cairenn Rhys. This is the second published collection for this Chicago-based spiritual poet and author of "Warrior of the Deepsake-Journal of a Spiritual Warrior".		 
 
 
 IPR License Offers 20% Discount to Australasian Publishers and Authors to Mark the Summer of Cricket 
 
			To celebrate the UK's Australasian summer of cricket, IPR License, the global digital platform for the licensing of book rights, is offering a 20% discount to all Australasian publishing houses and authors signing up to the IPR platform before the end of the upcoming Ashes series.		 
 
 
 Fifth Series Title Available; Pentacoast by Jason Jowett 
 
			The Alchemy Series by Jason Jowett continues on with Pentacoast, the fifth series title available in paperback via Lulu. Continuing on in the series theme, the meta-narrative reveals the authenticity behind Christendom, and life of Jesus of Nazareth.		 
 
 
 Special Ed Graduate Student Pens Response to Militant Atheism 
 
			Online atheist debater and Special Education Graduate Student Mike Dobbins gives all people of faith a new hope in their struggle against today's militant atheism.  This concise but powerful book provides fresh arguments believers and atheists have overlooked.  It is ideal for anyone wishing to stop a militant atheist in their intolerant tracks.		 
 
 
 Author Announces Release of New Paranormal Romance Novel: Unveiled 
 
			Last spring Lauren Grimley was thrilled to share the release of her debut novel, Unforeseen. Since then she's also released a short story from the series and the first book, which was originally only available as an ebook, has been released as a paperback. Now she is continuing the story of Alex Crocker in Unveiled. The adult urban fantasy novel will be released as an e-book on Amazon and Barnes and Noble on May 22nd and as a paperback early this summer.		 
 
 
 The Divine Dantes: Squirt Guns in Hades (Divine Dantes 1) by Award-Winning Author Andrew Barger Is Published 
 
			The Divine Dantes: Squirt Guns in Hades (Divine Dantes #1) by Andrew Barger has recently been published. It is the OTHER modern book based on Dante's The Inferno.		 
 
 
 New Inspirational Story Provides Hope for Domestic Violence Survivors 
 
			"Gabriel's Tears" is an inspirational story of redemption and triumph. The narrative depicts the life and struggles of a survivor who has overcome neglect, abuse, and violence, all by using the wisdom of Gabriel and his angels.		 
 
 
 JUST RELEASED - "Write and Publish Your eBook, 10 Steps to Success" 
 
			Author Frederick Fichman announces the release of his latest book, "Write and Publish Your Ebook, 10 Steps to Success."		 
 
 
 Former DREAMer Inks YA Novel Deal - Book to Be Published Spring, 2014 
 
			Maria E. Andreu, writer, immigration rights activist and once DREAMer, has signed a contract with Running Press, a Perseus imprint, to publish her first novel.		 
 
 
 Bestseller The Flaw in the Fabric Now Available in Print and Audiobook Worldwide, Except for Canada, Kindle Edition Free May 11-12 and May 22-24 
 
 A strange karma returns Raymond Kidd to an earlier life in a previous century while replacing him in this one with two brothers haunting the basement of his seaside home.   
 
 
 New Book on Jewish Thought and Science Shows Us How to Write One Book that Starts Many 
 
			In the new book "Lectures on Torah and Modern Physics (The Lectures in Kabbalah Series)," from world-renowned Kabbalist and author of more than 100 books, Rabbi Yitzchak Ginsburgh, we are introduced to a new definition of the word "book." Perhaps a collection of thoughts merits being called a book, when they inspire a line of books after it?		 
 
 
 Mother/Daughter Writing Team Releases New Contemporary Novel 
 
			The mother and daughter writing team of Leslie C. Ferdinand has a new book coming out on May 20, 2013 from Liquid Silver Books.


		 
 
 
 Homeless Author's Book Explains How To Live In a Car -- And Seeks National Policy Changes for Affordable Housing And Living Wages As Prevention 
 
			Author Veronica Harnish addresses a difficult and unpopular subject--homelessness--and provides tips on how to endure it, as well as simple national policy solutions that can substantially solve the problem.		 
 
 
 Pick Up Bargain Books During the Book People's Week of Wonder 
 
			Leading online book retailer the Book People is preparing to launch its Week of Wonder, giving customers the opportunity to pick up great discounted books at bargain prices.		 
 
 
 Local Author Debuts With Gripping Science Fiction E-Novella 
 
			The Watch In The Sand, A chilling tale of the future of humanity and its technology for anyone who has ever used social media, is now available for purchase on all major popular ebook platforms		 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Previous 30 |
		 Display By Oldest  |  Display By Newest  |
 Next 30   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


	&copy; 2013 PressExposure.com - All Rights Reserved.

	 
 
 
 
