  Gainesville.com Gatorsports.com Gainesville Magazine Scene Gainesville Moms Guardian Mugshots MenuMouth Home Dining Movies Arts Music Events Search   Like us on Facebook Receive local entertainment news all week! Theater Compelling drama, big laughs come alive onstage this season A preview of shows being produced by local theaters thisyear. more in Theater &#187; Movies Review: &#8216;Shooting For Home&#8217; a static, sedate look at Gainesville pariah For a movie with the word &#8220;home&#8221; in the title, the documentary &#8220;ShootingFor&#133; more in Movies &#187; Arts 10-Day Forecast The best bits of culture and flat-out fun in the daysahead. more in Arts &#187; Music Live music listings for the week of Aug. 22 Local shows planned for venues in AlachuaCounty. more in Music &#187; Photo Galleries Battle of Gainesville re-enactment  Summer Art Camp at The Doris  Color Purple Gala at Thomas Center  Hemingway cocktail party  Ladies paint at the Thomas Center  Entertainment Articles  &#8216;Shooting for Home&#8217; captures Bradshaw's journey Filmmaker Greg Kappy, who attended Buchholz High School with Bradshaw, directed and produced &#8220;Shooting For Home,&#8221; a documentary that captures Bradshaw&#8217;s tumultuous journey with archival footage and interviews with Bradshaw,his... Review: Acrosstown's &#8216;12 Angry Jurors' maintains that ripped-from-the-headlines feel Sidney Lumet's 1957 production of &#8220;12 Angry Men&#8221; is an American cinematic classic; less a courtroom drama than a morality play about the ultimate triumph of reason over hasty presumption, impatience, petty prejudices and outrightbigotry. In Salt Springs, tranquility is the way of life Tiny lakeside town is a haven for peace, quiet and outdooradventure. Live music listings for the week of Aug. 15 Live music planned for the week in AlachuaCounty. 10-Day Forecast The best bits of culture and flat-out fun in the daysahead. Battle of Gainesville Mini-Re-enactment takes place Saturday at Matheson At 10 a.m. Saturday, about 70 re-enactors will recreate the battle at Sweetwater Park, which is the Matheson Museum on East University Avenue and close to where the actual battle tookplace. Gainesville Fine Arts Association hosts anniversary celebration On Tuesday, the Gainesville Fine Arts Association celebrates 90 years of supporting the visual arts with a reception and fundraiser at the Doris Bardon Community Center from 6 to 9p.m. Plan your week What's going on in music, movies andmore. Review: &#8216;Elysium' long on smarts, a little short on action &#8220;Elysium,&#8221; is a movie that serves up a meaty narrative with actual people at the center of it, yet it's partially undone because of poor pacing and a certain lack of visceralexcitement.  Entertainment Wire  Albuquerque hopes &#8216;Breaking Bad&#8217; ending is just the beginning for city Throughout the filming of AMC hit television series "Breaking Bad" in Albuquerque, interest in this Southwestern city from tourists has grown and local businesses have sought to cashin. A six-hour PBS series explores five centuries of black history After a tragedy like the Trayvon Martin killing, calls routinely arise for a conversation about race.But Henry Louis Gates thinks the more direct way for structural change is through schools and theircurriculum. &#8216;Soup' host dishes on his show, new movie There's no stopping Joel McHale thissummer. The rebirth of PBS The station's programming chief treats it as a network instead of a publicservice. Ellen DeGeneres to host Oscars Comic and daytime television host Ellen DeGeneres was picked to host the Academy Awards for the secondtime. Showtime executive hints at 'Dexter' spinoff Showtime's president is hinting that a &#8220;Dexter&#8221; spin-off may beforthcoming. 'Hobbit' sequels wrap up filming in New Zealand Peter Jackson has wrapped up filming "The Hobbit" trilogy and shared pictures of his last day on the set with his Facebookfans.  Scene Events Calendar Gainesville, FL Projections Weekend Streamer: Special James Bond edition I take it all back; Ben Affleck, go be Batman On the Scene with Bill Dean  Welcome back everyone! Welcome to &#8220;Welcome Back&#8221; &#8212; our special annual issue of Scene with more pages, more stories and more calendar listings about Gainesville&#8217;s arts and entertainment world that&#8217;s designed just foryou. The Doris looks for a new, permanent location by September Just over two years ago, the Doris Bardon Community Cultural Center opened at 716 N. Main St. to make the dreams of its namesake benefactor a reality. And in that mission the center has been an unqualified success. So much so, that it is nowlooking... Entertainment Twitter  Most Read Most Emailed Most Recent Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs The ABC's of Gainesville Compelling drama, big laughs come alive onstage this season Plan your week Live music listings for the week of Aug. 22  Photos Tabernacle of Praise and Restoration Outreach Center Persimmon Learning Academy at Bailey House Louie the dog donates blood Seen: Meridian Evening Pritchett Murder in Lake Butler Mick Foley "Mankind" at Library Events Calendar More Events Submit Event 27 Tue 28 Wed 29 Thu 30 Fri 31 Sat Top Properties Haile Plantation Pool Home Open House Saturday 11-2 ... I Buy Houses Cash Paid! Quick Sale-Fair Price Offer ... Selling Your Real Estate?Have you considered ... SAGE ADVICE!SENIOR REAL ESTATECOUNSELOR HELPS ... 5 acres High Springs $465000Luxury master suite ... Find Us on Facebook Find Local Businesses Keyword(s): Location: Popular Searches Apartments in Gainesville Attorneys in Gainesville Auto Dealers in Gainesville Auto Parts in Gainesville Auto Repair in Gainesville Beauty Salons in Gainesville Car Rental in Gainesville Dentists in Gainesville Doctors in Gainesville Flowers in Gainesville Hotels in Gainesville Insurance in Gainesville Loans in Gainesville Mortgages in Gainesville Movers in Gainesville Pizza in Gainesville Realtors in Gainesville Restaurants in Gainesville Storage in Gainesville Tax Preparation in Gainesville Travel in Gainesville Featured More... Powered by Local.com  Site Index Home Dining Movies Arts Music Events Network Gainesville.com Gatorsports.com Gainesville Magazine Scene Gainesville Moms Guardian Mugshots MenuMouth Recent Galleries Tabernacle of Praise and Restoration Outreach Center Persimmon Learning Academy at Bailey House Louie the dog donates blood Seen: Meridian Evening Pritchett Murder in Lake Butler Mick Foley "Mankind" at Library Super 11 Seen: Women's Equality Day  Copyright &copy; Gainesville.com &mdash; All rights reserved. Restricted use only. 