  The Car Guide The Car Guide – Everything Automotive, 48 Years Running Français Newsletter Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS  Navigation Home New Vehicles Used Vehicles Best Buys Tests and Features News Auto Shows Videos Wallpapers The Car Guide » Tests and Features » Test Drives » 2013 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 Convertible: Almost The Whole Enchilada Test Drives 2013 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 Convertible: Almost The Whole Enchilada By Benjamin Hunting August 9, 2013 Email this to a friend Print RSS Share  Photo: Benjamin Hunting. 2013 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 convertible. « »  There was a time, not so long ago, when a car like the 2013 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 convertible would not have been allowed to exist.  A recently as the past decade, a corporate culture that insisted on protecting the Corvette as the Bowtie brand's performance icon precluded building any form of the pony car that could have kept up with it on a race track - an attitude that contributed to the eventual demise of the Camaro before its revival as a 2010 model. Flash forward to the present day and not only is the Camaro SS a legitimate white knuckle ride, but it has spawned several even more potent special editions such as the 1LE and the ZL1.  I recently had the opportunity to put some miles on a drop-top version of the Chevrolet Camaro ZL1, and while I'm not sure I'd ever want to park one in my driveway, I can easily understand that there are legions of Camaro fans out there who, given the means, would do so in a heartbeat. The Personification of Aggression It's immediately clear on first seeing the 2013 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 convertible that this bright yellow chunk of metal means business.  A special chin splitter adds a degree of menace to an already in-your-face front fascia, and is in fact part of an aero treatment that sends more cool air into the engine bay (along with its carbon fibre hood slats) and helps to transform lift into downforce at extra-legal speeds.  Sharp eyes will also perceive the extra-wide rear fenders on the ZL1 that smooth out the air flowing around its enormous tires.  Sure, you have to take extra care when piloting the Camaro ZL1 in and out of parking lots, as the splitter is all too willing to rub itself out of existence on any available concrete surface, but isn't that part of the fun? Liveable, But Limited Visibility The only time I drove the Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 convertible with its top up was at the drag strip, because in my opinion a vehicle like this should be open to the elements at all times.  I can't speak to sightlines with the fabric roof in place, but I did notice that the front A-pillar's immense thickness (part of the car's rollover protection structure) was enough to cancel out a pedestrian stepping into an intersection. The seating position inside the Camaro convertible is also extremely low - the term 'bathtub' was thrown around quite a bit by my passengers - and while I had no problem with it, some drivers aren't comfortable being surrounded by so much steel.  I transported a pair of friends in the backseat on both highway and city streets, and the offset position of the rear buckets gave them a good view of the road ahead and a reasonable amount of legroom for short trips. The Camaro ZL1 convertible's interior amenities are essentially identical to those of a standard Camaro, which means a mix of plastic and leather, along with a nice set of console-mounted gauges and the Chevrolet MyLink vehicle interface.  Although this is an expensive car in terms of purchase price, it's nowhere near 'premium' in its amenities - you are paying for performance, not for massaging seats or adaptive cruise control. The Fury Of Hell Itself And then there is the sound.  The noise that is made when 580 supercharged horsepower are unleashed from a 6.2-liter V-8 engine through a dual-stage exhaust system.  A compelling case for ownership of the Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 convertible could be made based solely on the tenor of its exhaust note, which races quickly into stock car territory and resonates off of tunnel walls with enough sonic force to peel paint.  It's the perfect symphony for top-down driving, and intoxicating enough that I found myself frequently dropping the car's slushbox into neutral in order to sample its wicked tones. Yes, that's right - my 2013 Camaro ZL1 convertible was saddled with a six-speed automatic transmission instead of the available six-speed manual.  Normally, this wouldn't be much of an issue, as most convertibles shy away from the kind of track duty for which the ZL1 is prepared through its numerous suspension upgrades and chassis adjustments (including magnetorheologically-adjustable shocks).  For the ZL1, however, the inclusion of the autobox proved to be a bit of an issue, as it erased the manual transmission's launch control feature.  Compounding the problem is the fact that convertible models also see the deletion of Performance Traction Management, which is the five-stage traction control system gifted to the coupe that would have made all of the difference when I tried to launch the convertible at the drag strip.  So much available torque - 556 lb-ft - courses through the car's drivetrain with the go-pedal down that even from a roll it's extremely difficult for the rear tires to find purchase.  Why are convertible fans excluded from the high performance party?  Why not PTM for sun-lovers?  I simply don't understand it. A Tale Of Two ZL1's Unlike its most direct competitor, the Ford Shelby GT500, which is identical in both fixed roof and rag-top form, General Motors has essentially created two classes of Camaro ZL1 ownership.  Those who plan on lapping the Nurburgring - or at least their local road course - will want to drive home from the dealership in a coupe, as it has the full suite of track-ready features that will satisfy in the corners.  The convertible, on the other hand, is a more relaxed affair - or at least, as 'relaxed' as a near-600 horsepower muscle car can be.  There's a certain frustration in knowing that it's almost impossible to harness the full performance potential of the automatic ZL1 convertible, but that feeling is easily masked by the igniting its rear tires like a hooligan and tempting tinnitus via the deafening sound of its supercharged V-8 engine. View photo gallery Evaluation Test model 2013 Chevrolet Camaro Trim level ZL1 Convertible Price range $30,100 - $66,150 Price as tested $68,770 Warranty (basic) 3years / 60,000km Warranty (powertrain) 5years / 160,000km Options Rally Yellow paintAutomatic transmissionChevrolet MyLinkSueded Appearance packageCarbon Fibre Hood InsertPremium floor mats Competitive models Dodge Challenger SRT8, Ford Shelby GT500 Strong points Amazing dual-stage exhaust system Incredible thrust off of the line Comfortable top-down cruising Minimal wind buffeting Usable rear seat Looks the business Weak points Very hard to plant the power down from a launch Car feels bigger than it is from behind the wheel Very heavy platform No PTM in convertible models No Launch Control for automatic model Expensive Editor's rating Fuel consumption 0.0/5 No one cares about the fuel consumption of a 580 horsepower, supercharged V8. Value for price 3.5/5 Spending close to $70,000 on a car opens up a huge range of high performance options. You have to really want the fastest Camaro convertible to justify the ZL1's price tag. Styling 4.5/5 The ZL1 convertible attracts a ton of attention in almost every situation, because it looks as evil as its exhaust note sounds. Comfort 4.0/5 High end features are absent, but the magnetic suspension system dials out a lot of road roughness and keeps the car comfy around town or on the highway. Performance 4.5/5 I wanted to give the ZL1 a 5 here, but the lack of PTM really has me scratching my head - why cripple the car compared to the coupe? Overall 4.5 / 5 If you love Camaros, and convertibles, this is the best one you can lay your hands on. If you are looking for the ultimate in muscle car performance, the coupe is a better choice. Email to a friend Your Email Address Recipient's Email Address Subject Message Hi,I've found this article on The Car Guide website and I thought you'd be interested:http://www.guideautoweb.com/en//en/articles/21504/2013_chevrolet_camaro_zl1_convertible_almost_the_whole_enchilada// Email me a copy of this message Comments Most recent articles Infiniti Q30 Concept Previewed Datsun 240Z Replacement Coming From Nissan 10 Canada's best-selling vehicles since january 2013 (DesRosiers Automotive Reports) Subaru Releases BRZ tS in Japan 2014 Buick Enclave: The Sophisticated Sibling Popular articles 2014 Ford Mustang GT: Last Chance Muscle Express RAM 1500 Rumble Bee Concept Unveiled in Detroit 2014 Chevrolet Sonic : Chevy’s Warmed-up Hatch 2014 Toyota Prius C vs. Nissan Versa: Pitting Hybrid Against Conventional 2015 Nissan Titan to Receive Cummins Diesel  About Chevrolet News » Tests and features » Chevrolet zone » Used vehicles » Chevrolet dealers » 2013 Chevrolet Camaro specs » Techno GM to Offer Wirelss Phone Charging on 2014 Vehicles Test Drives 2014 Chevrolet Sonic : Chevy’s Warmed-up Hatch First Drives 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray: Finishing School For America's Sports Car View all articles on Chevrolet Car Guide Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to receive by email weekly reports on the contents published on The Car Guide.  Homepage The Car Guide is the benchmark of excellence for the Canadian automotive landscape. It offers news, reviews, and exclusive videos, as well as all of the important details concerning new and used vehicles. New Vehicles New Cars New SUVs New Pickups Used Vehicles Used Cars Used SUVs Used Trucks Tests and Features Comparative Tests First Drives Test Drives Best Buys News Auto Shows Gas New Models Tires Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | Contact Us Copyright © 1995-2013 LC Média , All Rights Reserved Le Guide de l'Auto Le Guide du Bateau The Boat Guide 