  Amazon  Try Prime Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Sell Help  Shop by Department Search  All  All Departments Amazon Instant Video Appliances Apps for Android Arts, Crafts & Sewing Automotive Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing & Accessories Collectibles & Fine Art Computers Credit Cards Electronics Gift Cards Store Grocery & Gourmet Food Health & Personal Care Home & Kitchen Industrial & Scientific Jewelry Kindle Store Magazine Subscriptions Movies & TV MP3 Music Music Musical Instruments Office Products Patio, Lawn & Garden Pet Supplies Shoes Software Sports & Outdoors Tools & Home Improvement Toys & Games Video Games Watches  Hello.  Sign in Your Account Try Prime Cart 0 Wish List  Books  Advanced Search   New Releases   Best Sellers   TheNewYork TimesÂ®BestSellers   Children's Books   Textbooks   SellYour Books   BestBooks oftheMonth    Buy New OOOOOO OOOO OOOOO $17.77 Quantity: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200  Yes, I want FREE Two-Day Shipping with  Amazon Prime  Amazon Prime Free Trial  FREE Two-Day Shipping is available to Amazon Prime members. To join, select "Yes, I want FREE Two-Day Shipping with Amazon Prime" above the Add to Cart button and confirm your Amazon Prime free trial sign-up during checkout. Amazon Prime members enjoy: Unlimited Free Two-Day Shipping One-Day Shipping for just $3.99/item No Minimum Purchase for free or discounted shipping Important: Your credit card will NOT be charged when you start your free trial or if you cancel during the trial period. If you're happy with Amazon Prime, do nothing. At the end of the free trial, your membership will automatically upgrade to a full year for $79.  or Sign in to turn on 1-Click ordering  More Buying Choices Have one to sell? Sell yours here Tell the Publisher! I'd like to read this book on Kindle Don't have a Kindle? Get your Kindle here , or download a FREE Kindle Reading App .  Sorry, this item is not available in Image not available for Color: Image not available  To view this video download Flash Player Share your own customer images Search inside this book The Car Buying & Selling Blueprint [Paperback] Henry K Burita (Author) 5.0 out of 5 stars See all reviews ( 2 customer reviews ) List Price: $19.95 Price: $17.77  & FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Details Deal Price: You Save: $2.18 (11%) o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o In Stock. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com . Gift-wrap available.  Book Description Publication Date: November 26, 2010 Get the best-informed personal transportation purchase possible without over spending or just getting your hard-earned money ripped off! Eliminate many of the fears and the aggravations traditionally associated with buying and selling a new or used vehicle. The portable Car Buying & Selling Blueprint will inform, guide, simplify and organize your research. The book is unique in teaching with the use of real life examples, short stories and worksheets. It incorporates a simple and comfortable page layout that is easy to use and remember. The book describes and explains what and how to examine in regards to all aspects of the purchasing and selling processes. This book describes and lists Research websites, Contracts, Budgets, Financing, Leasing, Glossary of Auto features, What is real safety and data, Best time to buy or sell and much more. Chapter I  PREPARE BEFORE YOU SHOP Personal Documentation and Identification Today's Budget Ballpark Payment Critical Future Budget Considerations Basic Fuel Costs Shopping for an Auto Insurance Policy Trade-in Will it Help You or Hurt You Paying Cash, Financing or Leasing Repossession & Bankruptcies Chapter II DRIVERS Teenage Drivers The Graduate Family Car Elderly Drivers Business Just for the Kid Driver Inside of You Drivers Personalities Advertising Interactions and Driving Influences Analyze the Ads that Drive the Drivers Driven Chapter III THE NUTS AND BOLTS OF IT Safety The Sway-factor Reliability Eye Appeal Important Primary Features, Options, Explanations Analyzing a Few Popular Vehicle Features A to Z Features, Options, Explanations and Ratings Chapter IV HOW NEW OR USED IS IT Hard Miles of Soft Miles Certified Miles Car History Reporting Services Check the in Service Date Manufactured Date Chapter V WARRANTY New Car Warranty "From Defects" Manufactures Extended Warty. vs. 3rd Party To buy or Not to Buy Extended Warranty Limited vs. Exclusionary Demo or Program Car Warranty Used Car Warranty Certified Car Warranty 30 Day Mechanical Warranty Extended Warranty Available on the Net Chapter VI  SEARCHING To Buy or Not to Buy From a Family Member To Buy or Not to Buy Your Friends Car To Buy or Not to Buy From a New Car Dealer To Buy or Not to Buy From a Used Car Department or Dealer To Buy or Not to Buy From an Unknown Private Party Terms Used with Used or Pre-driven Vehicles Searching to Avoid Paranoia Searching to Avoid Jerks Searching for Truth, Honesty and Respect Searching the Truth About "What If?" Chapter VII CHECKUPS AND THE FINAL INSPECTION Need a Mechanic Personally Inspecting the Car Before Signing Contract SDDF Seller Delivery Disclosure Form Chapter VIII YOUR LEGAL COMMITMENTS Forms and Contracts Purchasing with Cash Financing Your Purchase Choosing a Lender The Challenges of Leasing Lease Contract Types and Terms Formula for Calculating the Depreciation Interest Rate Lease Exercise Monies Due Now Monies Due Later on Whom to Lease From Leasing a Used Vehicle Separate Facts from Fiction Dealer Costs and profit Who Makes What at the Dealer More Food for Thought "Rebate or Just Bait" Chapter IX THE TRADE-IN IS WHAT IT IS Trade it Sell it Donate it Chapter X BEST TIME AND DAY TO BUY Timing is / is Not Important Sale Time Region, Season and Weather Fear Controlling Your Inter Timing Waiting for a Better Deal More Good Advice  BONUS CHAPTER Maintenance, Critical to Safety-Crucial to Function Loyalty is a Bonus Avoid Deception Questions ??? And Statements !!! A Plea for Sane and Ethical Behavior Life in the Car Sales Arena  WORKSHEETS  For progressing and determining Affordability Best Car Choice Car Purchase Deal and Delivery Show more Show less Get the best-informed personal transportation purchase possible without over spending or just getting your hard-earned money ripped off! Eliminate many of the fears and the aggravations traditionally associated with buying and selling a new or used vehicle. The portable Car Buying & Selling Blueprint will inform, guide, simplify and organize your research. The book is unique in teaching with the use of real life examples, short stories and worksheets. It incorporates a simple and comfortable page layout that is easy to use and remember. The book describes and explains what and how to examine in regards to all aspects of the purchasing and selling processes. This book describes and lists Research websites, Contracts, Budgets, Financing, Leasing, Glossary of Auto features, What is real safety and data, Best time to buy or sell and much more. Chapter I  PREPARE BEFORE YOU SHOP Personal Documentation and Identification Today's Budget Ballpark Payment Critical Future Budget Considerations Basic Fuel Costs Shopping for an Auto Insurance Policy Trade-in Will it Help You or Hurt You Paying Cash, Financing or Leasing Repossession & Bankruptcies Chapter II DRIVERS Teenage Drivers The Graduate Family Car Elderly Drivers Business Just for the Kid Driver Inside of You Drivers Personalities Advertising Interactions and Driving Influences Analyze the Ads that Drive the Drivers Driven Chapter III THE NUTS AND BOLTS OF IT Safety The Sway-factor Reliability Eye Appeal Important Primary Features, Options, Explanations Analyzing a Few Popular Vehicle Features A to Z Features, Options, Explanations and Ratings Chapter IV HOW NEW OR USED IS IT Hard Miles of Soft Miles Certified Miles Car History Reporting Services Check the in Service Date Manufactured Date Chapter V WARRANTY New Car Warranty "From Defects" Manufactures Extended Warty. vs. 3rd Party To buy or Not to Buy Extended Warranty Limited vs. Exclusionary Demo or Program Car Warranty Used Car Warranty Certified Car Warranty 30 Day Mechanical Warranty Extended Warranty Available on the Net Chapter VI  SEARCHING To Buy or Not to Buy From a Family Member To Buy or Not to Buy Your Friends Car To Buy or Not to Buy From a New Car Dealer To Buy or Not to Buy From a Used Car Department or Dealer To Buy or Not to Buy From an Unknown Private Party Terms Used with Used or Pre-driven Vehicles Searching to Avoid Paranoia Searching to Avoid Jerks Searching for Truth, Honesty and Respect Searching the Truth About "What If?" Chapter VII CHECKUPS AND THE FINAL INSPECTION Need a Mechanic Personally Inspecting the Car Before Signing Contract SDDF Seller Delivery Disclosure Form Chapter VIII YOUR LEGAL COMMITMENTS Forms and Contracts Purchasing with Cash Financing Your Purchase Choosing a Lender The Challenges of Leasing Lease Contract Types and Terms Formula for Calculating the Depreciation Interest Rate Lease Exercise Monies Due Now Monies Due Later on Whom to Lease From Leasing a Used Vehicle Separate Facts from Fiction Dealer Costs and profit Who Makes What at the Dealer More Food for Thought "Rebate or Just Bait" Chapter IX THE TRADE-IN IS WHAT IT IS Trade it Sell it Donate it Chapter X BEST TIME AND DAY TO BUY Timing is / is Not Important Sale Time Region, Season and Weather Fear Controlling Your Inter Timing Waiting for a Better Deal More Good Advice  BONUS CHAPTER Maintenance, Critical to Safety-Crucial to Function Loyalty is a Bonus Avoid Deception Questions ??? And Statements !!! A Plea for Sane and Ethical Behavior Life in the Car Sales Arena  WORKSHEETS  For progressing and determining Affordability Best Car Choice Car Purchase Deal and Delivery Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed Page of Start over Back  The Secrets of Car Flipping: A Step by &#133; &#8250; Cleveland Williams 3.3 out of 5 stars ( 6 )  Paperback $17.56 How to Buy a Used Car (and Sell it for More &#133; Stephen R Cady 5.0 out of 5 stars ( 1 )  Paperback $5.39 Next 1478720832,1456333208  Editorial Reviews About the Author A little about the Author  Through my career change over nine years ago into the automotive industry I have lived the buying and selling process and witnessed many consumers perils to a point I felt it my duty to inform the buyer, improve the process and document a method for research, buying and selling a car. Though I have worked and studied most of my life in the technical field of computers with only minimal prior sales experience being with a cleaning and restoration business I owned for a couple of years, I did managed to become Sales person of the year at a top dealership. Attaining manufactures sales certification, sales guild membership, and state certifications as well as NADA certification along the way.  I have also drawn on my past extensive knuckle busting hands on auto modification and restoration experiences. The expensive hobby that I got into for twenty years was most educational in the areas of auto mechanics, auto body and interior trim. I have rebuild engines, torn apart transmissions, replaced differentials, floor pans, doors, fenders, glass, suspensions, brakes etc. etc. I discovered the magic and appeal of a car at eight when my eyes bulged out of my head on a sunny summer afternoon as I first glared at a brand new 1963-split window Corvette. Then again at twelve when the 67 Chevy Camaro made its d&#xE9;but. A few years later, I got into gear when at sixteen I bought my first car, a used 1967 Camaro. Soon my performance gear head or grease monkey friends and I were turning wrenches to lower my quarter mile time. Then in a few years, I graduating into SCCA concepts of safety, handling and braking. As time went on, I bought old performance cars and rebuilt them to drive and sell for a profit. By the time, I was twenty-one I had already owned five nice cars including my first Corvette all paid for by my own work. My Dad helped by patiently sharing his knowledge and teaching me his standards. He was a tough person to impress but if he said, it was good you could bet your life on it. By profession, Dad knew the standards of quality in materials, manufacturing, as well as people. Often as we worked on cars together, we compared build qualities and materials of the cars, as he share the story of his favorite car " a 1928 burgundy Mercedes". Additionally, non-automotive attributes that influenced my writing this book have come from my experience as a Camper, Businessman, Manager, Loving Husband and Parent.  Product Details Paperback: 240 pages Publisher: CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform (November 26, 2010) Language: English ISBN-10: 1456326805 ISBN-13: 978-1456326807 Product Dimensions: 0.5 x 7.6 x 9.4 inches Shipping Weight: 1.3 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ) Average Customer Review: 5.0 out of 5 stars See all reviews ( 2 customer reviews ) Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #4,628,097 in Books ( See Top 100 in Books ) Would you like to update product info or give feedback on images ? Customer Reviews [if IE]> <div class="pcr7" style="margin:15px 0 0 25px; width:100%;"> <![endif] 5.0 out of 5 stars ( 2 ) 5.0 out of 5 stars 5 star 2 4 star 0 3 star 0 2 star 0 1 star 0 See both customer reviews See only verified purchase reviews  Share your thoughts with other customers Write a customer review Most Helpful Customer Reviews 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars All I Wanted to Know and More November 7, 2011 By j andrews I've never seen a book like this. It has shown me how to take control of car ownership. It gave me a reality check in many areas that I left to the "experts". Knowledge is power... and so is Burita's experience. In its easy to read fashion, this book truly has given me "all I wanted to know and more" about buying, selling, and owning a car. Comment | &#160; Was this review helpful to you? Yes No 5.0 out of 5 stars A Must Buy Book that Helps Consumers Be Better Prepared November 17, 2011 By Jackie1990 I give this book a high rating as it is a resource book that is extremely user friendly, creative, and down right resourceful. Along with valuable tools/worksheets and information to help consumers selling or buying a vehicle it provides stories that one another can relate. The colorful Cover makes you say... "hmmm did I feel like those Sheep?" This book will be a wonderful aid to all members of my family. I recommend that every household purchase this book because you will refer to it and be a better prepared consumer. Comment | &#160; Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  &rsaquo; See both customer reviews (newest first)  Write a customer review  Search Customer Reviews  Only search this product's reviews  There's a problem loading this menu right now. Learn more about Amazon Prime. Watch. Read. Shop. Relax. Millions of Amazon Prime members enjoy instant videos, free Kindle books and unlimited free two-day shipping. &gt; Get started Unlimited Instant Videos Prime Instant Video Unlimited streaming of thousands of movies and TV shows with Amazon Prime Learn More About Amazon Prime Amazon Instant Video Store Rent or buy hit movies and TV shows to stream or download Your Video Library Your movies and TV shows stored in the cloud Watch Anywhere Watch instantly on your Kindle Fire, TV, Blu-ray player, or set-top box MP3s & Cloud Player MP3 Music Store Shop over 20 million songs Music on Kindle Fire Discover how to play your music Cloud Player for PC Play, manage and download your music Cloud Player for Web Play from any browser Cloud Player for Android For Android phones and tablets Cloud Player for iOS For iPhone, iPad and iPod touch Cloud Player for Home For Sonos and Roku Amazon Cloud Drive Your Cloud Drive 5 GB of free storage Get the Desktop App For Windows and Mac Cloud Drive Photos for Android For Android phones and tablets Cloud Drive Photos for iPhone For iPhone and iPod touch Learn More About Cloud Drive Kindle E-readers Kindle Small, light, perfect for reading Kindle Paperwhite 3G With free 3G wireless Kindle E-reader Accessories Covers, chargers, sleeves and more Kindle Store Kindle Books Newsstand Kindle Owners' Lending Library With Prime, Kindle owners read for free Kindle Fire Fire All new--faster, twice the memory Fire HD 7", Dolby audio, ultra-fast Wi-Fi Fire HD 8.9" 8.9", Dolby audio, ultra-fast Wi-Fi Fire HD 8.9" 4G With ultra-fast 4G LTE wireless Kindle Fire Accessories Cases, chargers, sleeves and more Kindle Apps & Resources Kindle Cloud Reader Read your Kindle books in a browser Free Kindle Reading Apps For PC, iPad, iPhone, Android, and more Manage Your Kindle Appstore for Android Apps Games Test Drive Apps Try thousands of apps and games right now Amazon Apps Kindle, mobile shopping, MP3, and more Your Apps and Devices View your apps and manage your devices Digital Games & Software Digital Games For PC and Mac Free-to-Play Games For PC and Mac Indie Games Digital Software For PC and Mac Your Games & Software Library Audible Audiobooks Audible Membership Get to know Audible Audible Audiobooks & More Bestsellers Audible New & Notable Audible Listener Favorites Whispersync for Voice Switch between reading and listening Books Books Kindle Books Children's Books Textbooks Audiobooks Magazines Sell Your Books Movies, Music & Games Movies & TV Blu-ray Amazon Instant Video Music MP3 Downloads Musical Instruments Entertainment Collectibles Video Games Digital Games Electronics & Computers Computers & Tablets TV & Home Theater Home & Portable Audio Cell Phones & Services Camera & Video Vehicle, GPS & Navigation Musical Instruments Video Games & Consoles Software Office Products Electronics Accessories Trade In Electronics Home, Garden &amp; Pets Kitchen & Dining Furniture & DÃ©cor Bedding & Bath Appliances Patio, Lawn & Garden Fine Art Arts, Crafts & Sewing Pet Supplies Wedding Registry Tools, Home Improvement Home Improvement Power & Hand Tools Lamps & Light Fixtures Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Hardware Building Supplies Grocery, Health & Beauty Grocery & Gourmet Food Wine Natural & Organic Health & Personal Care Beauty Toys, Kids & Baby Toys & Games Baby Kids' Clothing Baby Clothing Video Games for Kids Amazon Mom 20% off diapers, free shipping and more Baby Registry Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Clothing Shoes Handbags Accessories Luggage Jewelry Watches Sports & Outdoors Exercise & Fitness Outdoor Recreation Hunting &amp; Fishing Cycling Athletic & Outdoor Clothing Boating & Water Sports Team Sports Fan Shop Sports Collectibles Golf All Sports & Outdoors Automotive Automotive Parts & Accessories Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Electronics & GPS Tires & Wheels Motorcycle & ATV Industrial & Scientific Industrial Supplies Lab & Scientific Janitorial Safety Unlimited Instant Videos MP3s & Cloud Player 20 million songs, play anywhere Amazon Cloud Drive 5 GB of free storage Kindle Appstore for Android Get a premium app for free today Digital Games & Software Audible Audiobooks Books Movies, Music & Games Electronics & Computers Home, Garden & Tools Grocery, Health & Beauty Toys, Kids & Baby Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Sports & Outdoors Automotive & Industrial &rsaquo; Full Store Directory  Sign in New customer? Start here. Your Account Your Orders Your Wish List Your Recommendations Your Subscribe & Save Items Your Collections Manage Your Kindle Your Cloud Player Play from any browser Your Cloud Drive 5 GB of free storage Prime Instant Videos Unlimited streaming of thousands of movies and TV shows Your Video Library Your Games & Software Library Your Android Apps & Devices Your Shopping Cart is empty. Give it purpose&mdash;fill it with books, DVDs, clothes, electronics, and more. If you already have an account, sign in . There's a problem previewing your cart right now. Check your Internet connection and go to your cart , or try again . View Cart ( 0 items) ( 0 item) ( 0 items) Create a Wish List Find a Wish List or Registry Wish from Any Website Add items to your List from anywhere Wedding Registry Baby Registry Kids' Birthdays Friends & Family Gifting   Sign in  New customer? Start here. FrontCover | TableofContents | FirstPages | BackCover | SurpriseMe! Search Inside This Book: Sell a Digital Version of This Book in the Kindle Store If you are a publisher or author and hold the digital rights to a book, you can sell a digital version of it in our Kindle Store. Learn more Forums There are no discussions about this product yet.  Be the first to discuss this product with the community. Start a Discussion Start a new discussion  Topic:   First post:  Receive e-mail when new posts are made  Prompts for sign-in    Guidelines  Listmania! Create a Listmania! list Search Listmania! So You'd Like to... Create a guide Search Guides Look for Similar Items by Category Books > Professional & Technical > Automotive > Buyers' Guides Get to Know Us Careers Investor Relations Press Releases Amazon and Our Planet Amazon in the Community Make Money with Us Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us &rsaquo; See all Let Us Help You Your Account Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns Are Easy Manage Your Kindle Help Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Spain United Kingdom 6pm Score deals on fashion brands AbeBooks Rare Books & Textbooks AfterSchool.com KidsÂ&rsquo; Sports, Outdoor & Dance Gear AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door AmazonLocal Great Local Deals in Your City AmazonSupply Business, Industrial & Scientific Supplies AmazonWebServices Scalable Cloud Services Askville Community Answers Audible Download Audio Books BeautyBar.com Prestige Beauty Delivered Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide Bookworm.com Books For Children Of All Ages Casa.com Kitchen, Storage & Everything Home CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy Diapers.com Everything But The Baby DPReview Digital Photography Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities Junglee.com Shop Online in India Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes MYHABIT Private Fashion Designer Sales Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands Soap.com Health, Beauty & Home Essentials  Vine.com Everything to Live Life Green Wag.com Everything For Your Pet Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts Woot Never Gonna Give You Up Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys Zappos Shoes & Clothing Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Â© 1996-2013, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates  