 Skip Navigation Webmail Angel Web Banner Directory Ask Ellsworth Daily Eagle Online Services Library Calendars Emergency Information Employment Accountability Students | Alumni | Faculty &amp; Staff | Parents | Prospective Students  Home About Campus Map Virtual Tour Directions Fast Facts Employment Offices A-Z Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Transfer International Tuition &amp; Financial Aid Virtual Tour Schedule a Visit Academics Undergraduate Majors Graduate Programs Study Abroad Catalogs Academic Calendar Library Student Services Residential Life Career Services Dining Services Get Involved Campus Life Student Policies Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Programs Alumni House Online Alumni Directory Athletics About Facilities Hall of Fame Schedule Giving Give Now The Brockport Foundation News &amp; Events Fine Arts Home Calendar Other Sites: Directions to SUNY Brockport Campus Wide Events Fine Arts Events Calendar 2013-2014 Tickets available from the Tower Fine Arts Box Office unless otherwise indicated. Call (585) 395-2787 today! Srcoll through the entire calendar, or jump to a particular month: August 2013 September 2013 October 2013 November 2013 December 2013 January 2014 February 2014 March 2014 April 2014 May 2014 August 2013 August 29 Â&ndash; October 13 Department of Art Faculty Exhibition The Department of Art faculty is comprised of noted artists working in a variety of media, including sculpture, painting, drawing, ceramics and mixed media while also incorporating new technologies. This exhibition is a survey of their recent scholarly work. August 29 &ndash; October 13 Opening Reception: Thursday, August 29, 4&ndash;6 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. SEPTEMBER 2013 Through October 13 Department of Art Faculty Exhibition The Department of Art faculty is comprised of noted artists working in a variety of media, including sculpture, painting, drawing, ceramics and mixed media while also incorporating new technologies. This exhibition is a survey of their recent scholarly work. Through October 13 Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. September 5 and 6 Duets Faculty artists join with professional partners to present duets from nationally recognized choreographers. Thursday, September 5 at 7:30pm Friday, September 6 at 4:00 and 7:30pm Hartwell Dance Theater $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. September 11 New York Klezmer Orchestra At the turn of the last century, the sounds of klezmer reverberated through the Lower East Side of New York City. Brought to America by Eastern Europeans, the jubilant music of their beloved shtetls became intertwined with new American jazz syncopations. NYKO goes one step further by adding rock and swing influences for a fun, buoyant night of music. Wednesday, September 11 at 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. September 12 Stage Whispers: Conversations with Theatre Professionals As part of the Department of Theatre and Music Studies' alliance with Geva Theatre Center, this series of interactive panels allows attendees to discover various aspects of making theatre. In a healthy dose of happenstance, Almost, Maine playwright John Cariani will appear as the initial guest at this yearÂ&rsquo;s "Stage Whispers: Conversations with Theatre Professionals" series three weeks prior to the opening of that play at The College at BrockportÂ&rsquo;s Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage. Cariani will speak about the mythical, mystical Northeast town where several of his plays take place, his transition from actor to playwright and the pre-production process for his play, Last Gas , which will be seen later this season at Geva Theatre Center. "Stage Whispers" takes place on Thursday, September 12, 2013, at 10 am, in the CollegeÂ&rsquo;s Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre, 180 Holley Street. The talk is free and open to the public. Cariani, who was nominated for a Tony AwardÂ® for his performance in the most recent Broadway revival of Fiddler on the Roof , has also appeared in many television series, including his recurring appearances as Â&ldquo;BeckÂ&rdquo; on Law and Order: Criminal Intent , and in several feature films, including Kissing Jessica Stein . His evolution from onstage to offstage artist stemmed from what he considered a dearth of decent audition material for men. So he took it upon himself to create his own. That audition piece begat a series of monologues that were presented at an NBC-sponsored event for budding playwrights. Eventually, he realized that some of the monologues (which had numbered more than 20 at the time) were thematically related, drew on his childhood in Presque Isle, ME, and were all a bit fantastical. In their review of Almost, Maine , The New York Times indicated that Cariani Â&ldquo;is working from the notion that the remoter expanses of the country are the natural harbor of the adorably lovelorn, the touched and the irretrievably lost.Â&rdquo; The Â&ldquo;Stage WhispersÂ&rdquo; series is sponsored by The College at BrockportÂ&rsquo;s Department of Theatre and Music Studies in conjunction with their educational partnership with Geva Theatre Center. The series gives community members insight into the process of professional theatre artists. For more information, please call (585) 395-2787. Thursday, September 12, 10 am Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Free OCTOBER 2013 Through October 13 Department of Art Faculty Exhibition The Department of Art faculty is comprised of noted artists working in a variety of media, including sculpture, painting, drawing, ceramics and mixed media while also incorporating new technologies. This exhibition is a survey of their recent scholarly work. Through October 13 Opening Reception: Thursday, August 29, 4&ndash;6 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. October 3 Brockport Symphony Orchestra A Night on Broadway Under the baton of Jonathan Allentoff, this concert will feature vocalist Mary Wojciechowski and trumpet soloist Buddy Colaneri. Wojciechowski has sung with the Philadelphia Pops Festival Chorus, under the direction of Peter Nero. She has also appeared with the Gateswingers Big Band and the Rochester Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra. Colaneri is the lead trumpet in the Gateswingers Big Band and performed for many years with the bands of Gene Krupa, Louis Prima, and Boyd Raeburn. He appears on many recordings that are distributed internationally. The program includes selections from Show Boat , Porgy and Bess , The Music Man , Carousel , West Side Story , Beauty and the Beast , and My Fair Lady with new arrangements by Allentoff and Dr. William Hullfish, professor emeritus of music. Thursday, October 3, at 7:30 pm Seymour College Union Ballroom Suggested donation: $3 October 4 &ndash; 6 and 17 &ndash; 19 Almost, Maine by John Cariani &ldquo;A whimsical approach to the joys and perils of romance.&rdquo; &ndash; The New York Times On a cold, clear winter&rsquo;s night, the residents of Almost, Maine, find themselves falling in and out of love in unexpected and often hilarious ways. Similar in structure to the department&rsquo;s Festival of Ten , the eight interconnected vignettes allow us to take a look at the poignancy of relationships. October 4 &ndash; 6 and 17 &ndash; 19 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Sunday matinee at 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. October 17 &ndash; 19 DANCE/Strasser The Strasser Studio is an alternative venue used by the Department of Dance, recognized nationally as one of the most distinctive college dance programs. With the audience surrounding the stage on three sides, they enjoy a multi-faceted view of some extremely talented dancers. October 17 &ndash; 19 Thursday &ndash; Saturday Evenings at 7:30 pm Saturday Matinee at 2 pm Rose L. Strasser Studio, Hartwell Hall Post-performance discussions follow the Thursday and Saturday evening performances. $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. October 23 Music Ensembles Series A concert featuring the various musical ensembles from the Department of Theatre and Music Studies, including the Xylophone Ensemble, the Clarinet Ensemble, the Jazz Ensemble and the Saxophone Ensemble, amongst others. Wednesday, October 23, at 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage Suggested donation: $3 October 24 &ndash; December 8 Mush Hole Remembered: R. G. Miller Curated by Neal Keating The paintings by Mohawk artist R. Gary Miller are a testament to his life while at the Mohawk Institute Indian residential school in Brantford, Ontario, from 1953&ndash;1964. The exhibit is one of several research projects by Keating, an assistant professor in the Department of Anthropology. October 24 &ndash; December 8 Opening Reception: Thursday, October 24, 4&ndash;6 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. October 25 Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra For more than 90 years, the RPO has been one of the cornerstones of both the arts in our community and the community itself. In addition to its annual concert, the RPO has a presence on campus throughout the year, providing course instructors and guest lecturers. At this concert, Paul Shewan will conduct the orchestra in a program of Russian composers. Friday, October 25, 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage Add this concert to your subscription and receive a complimentary ticket for a post-concert reception featuring wine, artisan cheeses and other delectables, catered by Garnishes. Additional tickets are $10 and will be available until October 18. $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. October 31 &ndash; November 2 DANCE/Hartwell With dynamism, athleticism, and grace, these concerts feature graduate and undergraduate student choreography. MFA thesis works shown at these performances can help propel these dance-makers into their professional lives. October 31 &ndash; November 2 Thursday &ndash; Saturday Evenings at 7:30 pm Hartwell Dance Theater $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. October 31 &ndash; November 2 Harlequins Student Theatre Organization Productions Fall Production: Thursday &ndash; Saturday, October 31 &ndash; November 2, 7:30 pm Sunday, November 3, 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Tickets: Brockport Student Government Box Office: (585) 395-2487 NOVEMBER 2013 Through December 8 Mush Hole Remembered: R. G. Miller Curated by Neal Keating The paintings by Mohawk artist R. Gary Miller are a testament to his life while at the Mohawk Institute Indian residential school in Brantford, Ontario, from 1953&ndash;1964. The exhibit is one of several research projects by Keating, an assistant professor in the Department of Anthropology. Through December 8 Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. November 1 and 2 DANCE/Hartwell With dynamism, athleticism, and grace, these concerts feature graduate and undergraduate student choreography. MFA thesis works shown at these performances can help propel these dance-makers into their professional lives. October 31 &ndash; November 2 Thursday &ndash; Saturday Evenings at 7:30 pm Hartwell Dance Theater $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. November 1 and 2 Harlequins Student Theatre Organization Productions Fall Production: Thursday &ndash; Saturday, October 31 &ndash; November 2, 7:30 pm Sunday, November 3, 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Tickets: Brockport Student Government Box Office: (585) 395-2487 November 14 Stage Whispers: Conversations with Theatre Professionals As part of the Department of Theatre and Music Studies' alliance with Geva Theatre Center, this series of interactive panels allows attendees to discover various aspects of making theatre. Thursday, November 14, 10 am Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Free November 14 &ndash; 16 DANSCORE DANSCORE is the perfect opportunity to see pieces created by nationally and internationally renowned faculty members, whom Rochester&rsquo;s City newspaper calls some of the &ldquo;top names&rdquo; in the field. The diverse choreographic voices highlight the talented dancers. Thursday and Friday, November 14 and 15 at 7:30 pm Hartwell Dance Theater and Saturday, November 16, 2013 at 7:30 pm Hochstein Performance Hall 50 North Plymouth Avenue, Rochester A reception will follow the Saturday evening performance. $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Only cash and checks will be accepted at the door for the Saturday performance. Click here to purchase tickets online. November 22 &ndash; 24 and December 5 &ndash; 7 Avenue Q Music and lyrics by Robert Lopez and Jeff Marx Book by Jeff Whitty &ldquo;&hellip; jaw-droppingly hilarious.&rdquo; &ndash; Entertainment Weekly In this Brooklyn neighborhood, humans and puppets live side by side, everyone&rsquo;s a little bit racist, and the Internet is for&hellip; well, it&rsquo;s for more than Facebook. The side-splitting Tony Award&reg;&ndash;winning musical is a 21st-century look at the life lessons that we didn&rsquo;t learn from Sesame Street . Avenue Q contains adult language and themes, as well as no-holds-barred puppet sex. Yes, puppet sex. November 22 &ndash; 24 and December 5 &ndash; 7 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Sunday matinee at 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. DECEMBER 2013 Through December 8 Mush Hole Remembered: R. G. Miller Curated by Neal Keating The paintings by Mohawk artist R. Gary Miller are a testament to his life while at the Mohawk Institute Indian residential school in Brantford, Ontario, from 1953&ndash;1964. The exhibit is one of several research projects by Keating, an assistant professor in the Department of Anthropology. Through December 8 Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. December 5 Brockport Symphony Orchestra Holiday Concert Holiday Concert Under the baton of Jonathan Allentoff, this concert will feature a return performance by nationally-recognized marimba soloist Peter Ferry. Hailed by the Democrat and Chronicle as a "percussion geniusÂ&hellip;presenting percussion in a stunning, thoughtful way," Ferry is quickly gaining recognition for meaningful, entertaining performances of contemporary repertoire. In 2013, he received the prestigious Performer's Certificate from his alma mater, the Eastman School of Music. Ferry will welcome in the holiday season with Ney Rosauro's "Concerto for Marimba and Orchestra," inspired by Brazilian dances. The orchestra will also premiere Allentoff's arrangement of "It Comes Around the Same Time Each Year" by Hollywood composer Van Alexander. The program also includes works by Rodgers, Guaraldi, and Marks, as well as the annual holiday sing-a-long. Thursday, December 5, at 7:30 pm Seymour College Union Ballroom Suggested donation: $3 December 5 &ndash; 7 Avenue Q Music and lyrics by Robert Lopez and Jeff Marx Book by Jeff Whitty &ldquo;&hellip; jaw-droppingly hilarious.&rdquo; &ndash; Entertainment Weekly In this Brooklyn neighborhood, humans and puppets live side by side, everyone&rsquo;s a little bit racist, and the Internet is for&hellip; well, it&rsquo;s for more than Facebook. The side-splitting Tony Award&reg;&ndash;winning musical is a 21st-century look at the life lessons that we didn&rsquo;t learn from Sesame Street . Avenue Q contains adult language and themes, as well as no-holds-barred puppet sex. Yes, puppet sex. December 5 &ndash; 7 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. December 6 Music Ensembles Series A concert featuring the various musical ensembles from the Department of Theatre and Music Studies, including the Xylophone Ensemble, the Clarinet Ensemble, the Jazz Ensemble and the Saxophone Ensemble, amongst others. Friday, December 6, at 3 pm Tower Black Box Theatre Suggested donation: $3 December 8 Sounds of the Season Bring your scores to join the Brockport College-Community Chorus for a Handel&rsquo;s Messiah &ldquo;sing-in.&rdquo; Celebrate the holidays by raising your voice in song. Sunday, December 8, 7:30 pm Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary 152 Main Street, Brockport $5 at the door JANUARY 2014 January 28 Â&ndash; February 23 Andrew Au: Life Industries and Amy Cheng: Irrational Exuberance The basic principle of assembly-line manufacturing is providing the correct recipe and environment. With those elements, one could construct a computer or other complex machine. In the series Life Industries , Andrew Au imagines an industrial plant that manufactures and markets living things, the necessary construction being merely code that explains a sequence of events to make the organism viable. The series includes paintings, prints, sculpture and a mockumentary about the inner workings inside Life Industries. In Irrational Exuberance, Amy Cheng brings together a new series of sumptuously intricate ornamental paintings. Loosely anchored on the notion of the mandala, the paintings are richly referential: they call to mind the cosmos, cells, lace, brocade and more. Cheng aligns herself with the long tradition of geometric and floral patterns which the Far East, the Middle East, the Byzantine and the Baroque have long employed. January 28 &ndash; February 23 Opening Reception: Friday, January 31, 4&ndash;6 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. January 30 Stage Whispers: Conversations with Theatre Professionals As part of the Department of Theatre and Music Studies' alliance with Geva Theatre Center, this series of interactive panels allows attendees to discover various aspects of making theatre. Thursday, January 30, 10 am Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Free FEBRUARY 2014 Through February 24 Andrew Au: Life Industries and Amy Cheng: Irrational Exuberance The basic principle of assembly-line manufacturing is providing the correct recipe and environment. With those elements, one could construct a computer or other complex machine. In the series Life Industries , Andrew Au imagines an industrial plant that manufactures and markets living things, the necessary construction being merely code that explains a sequence of events to make the organism viable. The series includes paintings, prints, sculpture and a mockumentary about the inner workings inside Life Industries. In Irrational Exuberance, Amy Cheng brings together a new series of sumptuously intricate ornamental paintings. Loosely anchored on the notion of the mandala, the paintings are richly referential: they call to mind the cosmos, cells, lace, brocade and more. Cheng aligns herself with the long tradition of geometric and floral patterns which the Far East, the Middle East, the Byzantine and the Baroque have long employed. January 28 &ndash; February 23 Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. February 7 Gibbs &amp; Main Gibbs &amp; Main is a group of five professional musicians dedicated to performing classical masterpieces side by side with Latin, pop and contemporary repertoire. The musicians like to venture outside the traditional &ldquo;chamber&rdquo; of chamber music, covering everything from highbrow to L&ouml;wenbr&auml;u. Friday, February 7, 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. February 20 &ndash; 22 Dance Awareness Days Thursday &ndash; Saturday, February 20 &ndash; 22 Hartwell classrooms, studios and Dance Theater Free Participants must be at least 16 years old. February 20 AlumniDance Showcase Thursday, February 20 at 6 pm Rose L. Strasser Studio Free February 27 Â&ndash; March 1 DANCE/Strasser The Strasser Studio is an alternative venue used by the Department of Dance, recognized nationally as one of the most distinctive college dance programs. With the audience surrounding the stage on three sides, they enjoy a multi-faceted view of some extremely talented dancers. February 27 &ndash; March 1 Thursday &ndash; Saturday Evenings at 7:30 pm Saturday Matinees at 2 pm Post-performance discussions follow the Thursday and Saturday evening performances. Rose L. Strasser Studio, Hartwell Hall $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. February 28 Â&ndash; March 2 and March 6 &ndash; 8 Dead Man&rsquo;s Cell Phone by Sarah Ruhl &ldquo;A beguiling comedy.&rdquo; &ndash; The New York Times &ldquo;Ruhl is forever vital in her lyrical and biting takes on how we behave.&quot; &ndash; The Washington Post In a caf&eacute; right out of an Edward Hopper painting, a cell phone leads a woman into the world of a dead man&rsquo;s life. In her attempt to tie up the loose ends of his existence, she unlocks the mysteries that are the sum of one person&rsquo;s life &mdash; a haughty mother, a distant wife, a lonely brother, a mistress and an occupation full of international intrigue &mdash; and realizes we are all incomplete without the other lives that touch our own. February 28 &ndash; March 2 and March 6 &ndash; 8 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Sunday matinee at 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. MARCH 2014 March 1 DANCE/Strasser The Strasser Studio is an alternative venue used by the Department of Dance, recognized nationally as one of the most distinctive college dance programs. With the audience surrounding the stage on three sides, they enjoy a multi-faceted view of some extremely talented dancers. Through March 1 Saturday Evening at 7:30 pm Rose L. Strasser Studio, Hartwell Hall $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. March 1 &ndash; 2 and March 6-8 Dead Man&rsquo;s Cell Phone by Sarah Ruhl &ldquo;A beguiling comedy.&rdquo; &ndash; The New York Times &ldquo;Ruhl is forever vital in her lyrical and biting takes on how we behave.&quot; &ndash; The Washington Post In a caf&eacute; right out of an Edward Hopper painting, a cell phone leads a woman into the world of a dead man&rsquo;s life. In her attempt to tie up the loose ends of his existence, she unlocks the mysteries that are the sum of one person&rsquo;s life &mdash; a haughty mother, a distant wife, a lonely brother, a mistress and an occupation full of international intrigue &mdash; and realizes we are all incomplete without the other lives that touch our own. February 28 &ndash; March 2 and March 6 &ndash; 8 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Sunday matinee at 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16, $11 (Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff), or $8.50 (Students) Click here to purchase tickets online. March 4 &ndash; 30 Embracing Function: Contemporary Approaches to the Utilitarian Vessel Curated by Lori Mills Lori Mills, associate professor in the Department of Art, has assembled some of the finest practitioners of functional, yet artistic, ceramic work. Her research for this exhibition focused on artists who deal primarily with vessel forms. Represented are Peter Beasecker, Syracuse, NY; Linda Sikora, Alfred, NY; Hide Sadohara, Fredonia, NY; and several others. March 4 &ndash; 30 Opening Reception: Tuesday, March 4, 4&ndash;6 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. March 12 &ndash; 15 American College Dance Festival Association Gala Performances The Gala will present the finest choreographic works of those submitted for adjudication, representing the highest artistic and technical standards of performance and choreography throughout the Northeastern Region. There will be a limited number of general admission tickets available to the public for this concert. Wednesday Â&ndash; Saturday, March 12 Â&ndash; 15 Various venues andGala Performances on Saturday, March 15 Performance times to be announced. Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. March 26 Music Ensembles Series A concert featuring the various musical ensembles from the Department of Theatre and Music Studies, including the Xylophone Ensemble, the Clarinet Ensemble, the Jazz Ensemble and the Saxophone Ensemble, amongst others. Wednesday, March 26, at 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage Suggested donation: $3 March 27 Stage Whispers: Conversations with Theatre Professionals As part of the Department of Theatre and Music Studies' alliance with Geva Theatre Center, this series of interactive panels allows attendees to discover various aspects of making theatre. Thursday, March 27, 10 am Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Free March 28 Paul Houghtaling, bass-baritone &quot;Paul Houghtaling has personality and a splendid voice.&quot; &ndash; The Boston Globe Houghtaling, the director of Opera Theatre at the University of Alabama, has a wide-ranging career as educator, stage director and singer with a repertoire that ranges from Mozart to Gilbert and Sullivan. His Brockport recital will include a Bach cantata as well as a series of American art songs. He will be accompanied by Kevin Chance. Friday, March 28, 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. APRIL 2014 April 3 &ndash; 5 DANCE/Hartwell With dynamism, athleticism, and grace, these concerts feature graduate and undergraduate student choreography. MFA thesis works shown at these performances can help propel these dance-makers into their professional lives. April 3 &ndash; 5 Thursday &ndash; Saturday Evenings at 7:30 pm Hartwell Dance Theater $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. April 3 Â&ndash; 6 Harlequins Student Theatre Organization Productions Spring Production: Thursday &ndash; Saturday, April 3 &ndash; 5 at 7:30 pm Sunday, April 6 at 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Tickets: Brockport Student Government Box Office: (585) 395-2487 April 11 &ndash; May4 Annual Student Art Exhibition The pinnacle of our exhibition season, and the most anticipated by students and faculty, this is our celebration of our studentsÂ&rsquo; artistic achievements for the current academic year April 11 Â&ndash; May 4 Opening Reception: Friday, April 11, 7Â&ndash;9 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. April 25 &ndash; 27 bobrauschenbergamerica by Charles L. Mee &ldquo;&hellip;brashly, unapologetically entertaining.&rdquo; &ndash; The New York Times Bob Rauschenberg&rsquo;s &ldquo;combines&rdquo; are famous for assembling found objects into art. bobrauschenbergamerica is similar in that it is not a direct biography of the artist but a collection of a different type: simple moments of simple lives captured as the artist himself might have done. The play &mdash; at times both comic and touching &mdash; reminds us that, &ldquo;like art, there are no rules here.&rdquo; But there are an awful lot of chicken jokes. April 25 &ndash; 27 and May 1 &ndash; 3 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Sunday matinee at 2 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. MAY 2014 Through May 4 Annual Student Art Exhibition The pinnacle of our season, and the most anticipated by students and faculty, this adjudicated exhibition is our celebration of our students' artistic achievements for the current academic year. April 11-May 4 Opening Reception and Awards Ceremony: April 11, 7 Â&ndash; 9 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Gallery Free Click here for Gallery hours and information. May 1 &ndash; 3 bobrauschenbergamerica by Charles L. Mee &ldquo;&hellip;brashly, unapologetically entertaining.&rdquo; &ndash; The New York Times Bob Rauschenberg&rsquo;s &ldquo;combines&rdquo; are famous for assembling found objects into art. bobrauschenbergamerica is similar in that it is not a direct biography of the artist but a collection of a different type: simple moments of simple lives captured as the artist himself might have done. The play &mdash; at times both comic and touching &mdash; reminds us that, &ldquo;like art, there are no rules here.&rdquo; But there are an awful lot of chicken jokes. April 25 &ndash; 27 and May 1 &ndash; 3 Thursday, Friday, Saturday evenings at 7:30 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Mainstage $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. May 1 &ndash; 4 Sankofa African Dance and Drum Ensemble Invigorating and life-affirming, the Sankofa troupe brings Carnivale to Brockport. Artistic director Clyde Alafiju Morgan and musical director Khalid N&rsquo;Faly Saleem meld African, Caribbean and Latin cultures together for a vibrant, energetic production that can&rsquo;t help putting a smile on everyone&rsquo;s faces. May 1 &ndash; 4 Thursday &ndash; Saturday Evenings at 7:30 pm Saturday and Sunday Matinees at 2 pm Hartwell Dance Theater $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. May 2 Music Ensemble Series A concert featuring the various musical ensembles from the Department of Theatre and Music Studies, including the Xylophone Ensemble, the Clarinet Ensemble, the Jazz Ensemble and the Saxophone Ensemble, amongst others. Friday, May 2 at 3 pm Tower Fine Arts Center Black Box Theatre Suggested Donation: $3 May 7 Dime-a-Dance Wednesday and Thursday, May 7 and 8, 7:30 pm Rose L. Strasser Studio, Hartwell Hall Donations accepted at the door. May 9 &ndash; 10 Carmina Burana Carl Orff&rsquo;s masterwork will be presented in a joint concert by the Brockport College-Community Chorus and the Brockport Symphony Orchestra. The oratorio, based on texts from as early as the 11th century, deals with typical themes of springtime &mdash; love, lust and other indulgences. Carmina Burana is one of the most popular musical works of the 20th century, crossing over from the concert hall to its use in advertising and popular movies. Friday and Saturday, May 9 and 10, 7:30 pm Seymour College Union Ballroom $16 Â&bull; $11 Seniors, Alumni, Faculty and Staff Â&bull; $8.50 Students Click here to purchase tickets online. May 12 &ndash; 16 Graduation Dances Commencement Week, May 12 &ndash; 16 Hartwell Dance Theater Donations to the Friends of Brockport Dance scholarship fund accepted at the door. Back to top of the page News Almost, Maine Playwright Appears at First &quot;Stage Whispers&quot; of the Year Convocation Ceremony Welcomes Incoming Class Brockport Welcomes a Large, Diverse Incoming Class Brockport Supports President Obama's Vision for Higher Education Events Tue, Aug 27 Red Cross Blood Drive 11 am - 4 pm Tue, Sep 17 Naturalization Ceremony 11 am - noon Fri, Sep 20 Leadership Program Kick-off 3:30 pm - 5 pm  Who are you? Current Student Alumnus Faculty or Staff Parent Prospective Student Quick Links Webmail Angel Web Banner Directory Ask Ellsworth Daily Eagle Online Services Library Calendars Emergency Information Employment Accountability National recognition and rankings The College at Brockport 350 New Campus Drive Brockport, NY 14420 &copy; 2010 The College at Brockport Privacy Policy Contact Us  