 [if lt IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" href="http://static.dbu.edu/no-cache/css/legacy/legacy-ie6.css" type="text/css" /><![endif] Academic Calendar Bookstore Campus Security Career Services Commencement Information DBU North DBU Hurst-Colleyville DBU Mansfield eMAT Honors Program Library &amp; Research Make a Gift to DBU Off-Campus Sites Online Registration Registrar &amp; Transcript Forms Student Government Teacher Certification Program University Writing Center   Quick Links English Chinese Japenese Korean Home About President's Welcome DBU Video Mission Campus History DBU North DBU Hurst-Colleyville DBU Mansfield Accreditation Directions Cross Ring Campus News Academics Colleges &amp; Departments Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Doctoral Programs Online Programs Professional Studies Certificate Programs Library &amp; Research Catalogs Course Descriptions Class Schedule Special Programs Registrar's Office Policies &amp; Procedures Bookstore Writing Center Admissions Undergraduate Adult Degree Completion CFNI Students Veterans Master's Doctoral International Online Programs Parents Cost of Attendance Cashier's Office Financial Aid Apply Online Athletics Baseball Basketball Cross Country Golf - Men's Golf - Women's Soccer - Men's Soccer - Women's Tennis - Men's Tennis - Women's Track and Field Volleyball Campus Life Student Life Spiritual Life Residential Life RecLife Campus Security Give to DBU Login Email WebAdvisor Online Classes Library Bookstore     College of Fine Arts Ronald E. Bowles, Dean  Dr. Wes Moore, Associate Dean Home  &gt; Academics &gt; Undergraduate Programs &gt; Fine Arts Mission Statement The purpose of Dallas Baptist University is to provide Christ-centered higher education in the arts, sciences, and professional studies at both the undergraduate and graduate levels to traditional age and adult students in order to produce servant leaders who have the ability to integrate faith and learning through their respective callings. The College of Fine Arts is charged with the responsibility of aiding the university in that mission through the creation and development of highly trained and skillful artists committed to excellence in the visual arts, communications, and music, focused in their individual fields of artistic endeavor and dedicated to servant leadership in the church and community. Vision Statement Building a great Christian university that is pleasing to God byproducing Christ-centered servant leaders who are transforming theworld. Description The College of Fine Arts provides an educational curriculum that offers broad  experiences in art, communication, music, and music business. In addition to the course work that introduces the student to the fine arts, many creative activities and programs are offered each year. Regular music performances are presented by the DBU Grand Chorus, University Concert Chorale, University Ringers, and Legacy. Student and faculty art displays, together with musical and dramatic presentations, provide ample opportunity for participation and enjoyment. The University also houses outstanding works of art permanently displayed on the  DBU campus. These include three bronze sculptures by Max Greiner  entitled &quot;The Divine Servant,&quot; &quot;Fishers of Men,&quot;  and &quot;The  Great Commission.&quot; In the lobby of the Student Center is an original  oil painting named &quot;The Patriot&quot; by Bruce Marshall.  In addition, a series of artworks of the Twelve Disciples, Jesus,  and Paul by artist Kenneth Wyatt are displayed in the foyer of the Patty and Bo Pilgrim Chapel.  Dallas Baptist University is uniquely situated near the cultural centers of Dallas and Fort Worth . There are numerous excellent galleries and museums in the area such as the Dallas Museum of Art, Kimbell Art Museum , Fort Worth Art Center , African American Life and Culture Museum , and the Amon Carter Museum of Western Art. In addition, students can enjoy performances by the Fort Worth Symphony, the Fort Worth/Dallas Ballet, the Dallas Symphony Orchestra at the Meyerson Symphony Center , and various performances at the Bass Performance Hall.  The College of Fine Arts offers undergraduate majors in the fields of art, communication, music, and music business. The curriculum  may serve as preparation for specialized graduate study, as background training for a career in the arts, or when coordinated with supporting courses in education, as preparation for teacher certification.  Goals of the College The college is committed to train students who will be capable of the necessary skills and proficiencies to make a significant contribution in the fine arts (art, communication, and music), and to provide courses which give support in general studies as required by the University and various degree plans. Goals of the College of Fine Arts: All  general studies students enrolled in courses offered by  the College of Fine Arts will have an  acceptable knowledge and appreciation of all the fine arts.  The  College of Fine Arts faculty will demonstrate excellence  in teaching, engage in meaningful participation in professional,  scholarly, and service activities, as well as serve as servant  leadership role models for students and peers. All  College of Fine Arts graduates will be able to demonstrate  an acceptable level of mastery in their major area which  will make them competitive with their peers from other comparable  programs in the fields of art, communication, and music.  The  College of Fine Arts graduates will be prepared to either  enter the job market in their chosen field or be qualified  to enter graduate study. All  College of Fine Arts graduates will have a thorough knowledge  of the history, fundamentals, and basics of their field,  as well as develop adequate performance skills in their  area of expertise to pursue a profession in their chosen  field of service.  [ Return to Previous Page ]  College of Fine Arts Majors: Art Communication Music Music Business College Overview Calendar of Events Contact the College of  Fine Arts: 214.333.5316 or 1.800.460.1328  DBU Home | Search | Contact DBU &copy; 2003 Dallas Baptist University See Legal Notice 