 Skip to main content  AOL MAIL You might also like: Autoblog , Autoblog Green , Translogic and More AOL Autos Main New Cars Research Cars ChooseControl Free Price Quotes Best Deals Car Finder Find Inventory Dealer Directory Compare Cars Owner Reviews Available Incentives Financing Used Cars Used Car Search Certified Pre-Owned Kelley Blue Book Values Owner Reviews Vehicle History Reports Ownership &amp; Repair Get a Repair Estimate Repair Shop Directory Dealer Directory Do It Yourself Tips Auto Insurance Recall Center My Wheels Sell Sell Your Car Kelley Blue Book Values Technology All Car Technology Technology Award Translogic Techsplanations Audio &amp; Infotainment Articles &amp; Videos All Articles All Photo Galleries Auto Topics Autoblog Autoblog Green Auto Videos AOL Autos Giveaway Car Safety Send Feedback You are here: Cars > Articles > Parts Is Parts, Right? Parts Is Parts, Right? Cheap Parts Are Cheap, And Should Be Avoided Posted: Aug 13, 2010 |By: Tom Torbjornsen | AOL Autos 0 Comments A A A Share Email This Google + Beware of cheap parts, they could end up costing you in the long run (ChicagoGeek, Flickr) . by: Tom Torbjornsen See More Articles from this Author The world of auto parts is a murky one. There are so many manufacturers and quite a range of costs that one can easily be misled, and it is a situation that is only getting worse. Back in 2008 attendance by traditional vendors at the SEMA show, the big aftermarket parts trade show, was down over 30 percent, a result of the economic downturn. This made me especially surprised by the number of newcomers, specifically Asian manufacturers. In particular, I was struck by the range of parts they offered: water pumps, alternators, starters, oil filters, brakes , batteries, ignition components, sparkplugs, and everything else that gets replaced during regular maintenance and repair . And these were parts for the full range of imports and domestic models, parts for all the popular models. The resounding theme of these suppliers was &ldquo;Lower Prices!&rdquo; Like a carnival atmosphere, these guys were barking pitch after pitch, each booth claiming their wares were the cheapest ones in town. A Bad Flashback For an instant, I was brought back to an earlier time in my life, to 1974 when I was the head technician at a repair facility in New Jersey. A new &ldquo;mobile&rdquo; parts supplier (a guy selling parts out of his van ) had come by touting his new line of low-priced ignition parts. A new set of GM points caught my eye, and they were $4 cheaper than the OEM part and, as I was told, &ldquo;worked just as well.&rdquo; I was skeptical, because the design was different, but the shop did a high volume of tune-up work, so my boss saw this as an opportunity to increase his profits. So despite my warning, he bought 30 of them, which we went through in short order. We restocked a week later and my boss was all smiles at the money he had saved. But about three weeks later we started getting calls from upset customers, all with the same complaint: Their cars would stall and not restart. We tracked the problem to the bargain ignition point sets and we ended up having to tow the cars back to the shop and replace the points again. Not only did my boss have to pay for the tow jobs (a few were over 100 miles away), but he also had to buy new point sets and pay the labor to install them. In short, the whole debacle cost him a few thousand dollars. He banned the guy in the van from our premises and determined from that point forward to offer only the highest quality parts in all auto repairs . A costly lesson, indeed. You Get What You Pay For Not all parts are created equal, and that&rsquo;s why &ldquo;the same parts&rdquo; vary so much in price. But after shopping parts you can get a feel for what the average price should be for a particular part. Be wary of drastic differences: Higher isn&rsquo;t always better but cheaper almost always means inferior quality. Let&rsquo;s take a look at some of the common replacement parts and what the effects of &ldquo;fixing it on the cheap&rdquo; can be. 1. Brakes - Brakes are one of the most common repairs people have done on their cars, and one of the common areas in which corners can be cut. Brake shoes and pads are friction materials that rub against brake drums or rotors, slowing the rotation of the wheels. The friction material is usually made of a semi-metallic mixture (ground up metal mixed with other stuff). The friction materials of cheaper pads or shoes tend to contain more metal and thus are of a harder composition. Pads and shoes are bonded to a steel backing and in cheaper pads the bonding material is often inferior, unlike the more expensive pads that are riveted or bonded with a high quality bonding. What Should Your Repair Cost? Click Here To Get Free Estimates On Common Auto Repairs Poorly bonded brake pads and shoes wear out faster and can possibly fail to stop your vehicle for several reasons. The harder composition of the cheaper pads and shoes generates more heat when the brakes are applied and doesn&rsquo;t dissipate the heat as well. This heat crystallizes the glue, which causes the pad or shoe to separate from its backing. The use of inferior glue speeds up this process in a vicious circle. In addition, the hard composition of the cheaper friction material tends to crack when heat is applied. To top it all off, the contact of the harder friction material on the drums or rotors wears out these parts more quickly. In choosing drums and rotors, you should always buy the best products available. Cheap drums and rotors are made of sub-standard steel and therefore wear out prematurely, especially when they come in contact with sub-standard friction materials, as mentioned above. Rotor and drum warpage and premature wear are common when cheap parts are used in a brake job and warped rotors result in decreased braking performance, which is a safety hazard. 2. Batteries - In a cheaper battery, the case is less sturdy, the quality of the posts is compromised, there are fewer internal plates and poor plate connection can cause the battery to fail when it is subjected to vibration. Just because it &ldquo;looks the same&rdquo; as your old battery doesn&rsquo;t mean that it matches the performance of your OEM unit. Furthermore, installing a battery that is rated at fewer cold-cranking amps than what is required by the manufacturer is just asking for trouble. 3. Oil Filters - The oil filter keeps dirt out of your engine, which is an important job if you want it to last. Quality oil filters have a check valve, designed so that the engine has oil pressure immediately upon cold startup, preventing wear. Many cheap filters lack this critical element, or even worse, don&rsquo;t have the fine filtering media necessary to capture the smallest particles of dirt. This is not an area to try to save a few dollars. 4. Alternators/Starters/Water Pumps - Alternators, starters, and water pumps are the sorts of parts that, when they fail, can be rebuilt. When this is done right, the end result is pretty much a brand new part, although it is sold for less. Cheap rebuilt parts, however frequently lack attention to the details that result in dependable performance. The companies that produce low quality rebuilds replace only what is obviously bad and leave the rest, hoping the part will outlast its short warranty . Selling these sorts of parts as &ldquo;rebuilt&rdquo; is really a misnomer, as it would be more accurate to describe them as &ldquo;repaired.&rdquo; 5. Spark Plugs and Ignition Components - Spark plugs and ignition system components power the engine, and low quality products usually result in poor performance or a car that doesn&rsquo;t run. Years ago I did an investigative report for a local TV station. It involved taking two GM ignition modules, one an OEM part, the other, a knockoff. Both units looked the same and had the same electrical connections and mounting configuration. Even the cases looked the same. But once I opened them up, the similarities came to a screeching halt. The OEM part was stuffed full of electronics, whereas the knockoff had a mostly empty case. You only had to look inside these units to understand the significant price difference. As for sparkplugs, always go with an OEM-specified plug, especially true in today&rsquo;s age of computer-controlled engines. Automotive computers are designed with a certain set of parameters from the factory to achieve maximum efficiency, power, and tailpipe emissions. Put a cheap sparkplug in the engine and you throw the computer into a fit trying to compensate for the lack of spark. While some cheapskates may balk at manufacturer recommendations like using expensive platinum sparkplugs, platinum plugs burn hotter and longer, hence they deliver maximum fuel efficiency and power. In addition, the platinum holds up longer to the high electrical voltages used in today&rsquo;s ignition systems. Installing a cheap plug in a vehicle that requires a platinum plug results in poor fuel efficiency, poor performance, high tailpipe emissions, and other issues. Filed under: Car Care , Car Repair Q&A; Video: How To Change Your Oil Video: Oil Basics 5 Auto Maintenance Procedures You Don't Need AOL Autos accepts vehicle loans from auto manufacturers with a tank of gas and sometimes insurance for the purpose of evaluation and editorial content. Like most of the auto news industry, we also sometimes accept travel, lodging and event access for vehicle drive and news coverage opportunities. Our opinions and criticism remain our own – we do not accept sponsored editorial. More Auto News Tips For Avoiding An Overheating Engine Your car is doing a lot of work under that summer sun. If you don't treat it properly and know how to handle an overheating engine your car can turn from a prized possession and daily commuter into... Read More Mechanics Selling Customers' Cars Illegally Normally a mechanic can put a lien on a car for failure to pay for a repair and then sell that car if the cost isn't paid off within a certain amount of time. Some shady mechanics are using liens to... Read More Dirty Parts Scam Mechanics Use To Make Big Bucks You go to a mechanic to investigate a weird rattling sound, and suddenly the repair costs are stacking up for problems and replacement parts you never knew existed. Do you trust the knowledge and... Read More Women Often Overcharged By Car Mechanics, Report Shows ABC's new show 'The Lookout' turned their hidden cameras on shady mechanics and found overcharging, lying about problems and even causing problems at both local and national chain repair shops. Read More The Most And Least Expensive States For Car Repair There are plenty of merits to living on the East Coast. Nice beaches, great cities, good food. But when it comes to car repairs, you're better off being almost anywhere else in the country. Read More Quick Shopping Tools: Research New Vehicles Cars for Sale in Your Area Follow Us On Twitter Friend Us On Facebook Add a Comment Sign in &#187; Add a Comment Type your comment here *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Submit 194 194 Comments Filter by: Newest Oldest mapapip parts parts parts parts May 11 2011 at 5:37 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply dtukdtukdtukd1 http://www.asyup.com The company products cheaper price, reputation first, quality first, welcome friends order. Fashion, trends, avant-garde; the global epidemic. Woman Boot $40 + Air jordan(1-24)shoes $33 bag $30 + Tshirts $ 16 Low-heeled shoes $40 Air Max SHOE(Air Max 24-7,Air Max 2011,Air Max 2010,Air Max 2009 )$38 Jean (True Religion, ed hardy, coogi) $ 30, Sunglasses (Oakey, coach, gucci, Armaini) $ 16, New era cap $ 15, jacket(Gucci,G-STAR,Ed Hardy,ARMANI,AF ,) $40 Woman Boot: (Christian Louboutin,NIKE,LV,Jordan,)$48 March 02 2011 at 10:19 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply alzagreen A black man, but alone; a white lady, but life is not that nice. Desire a mingle of black and white? That's what *** Bla ck whi teCu pid * C 0 M *** __is dedicated to do. It takes only a few minutes to submit a profile which, however, might change your whole life. recommend it here&quot;&quot; B l a c k W h i t eC u p i d &quot;&quot; March 01 2011 at 8:03 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply beijingbei ################################ http://www.soaol.com ################################ Polo tshirt $12 Jame shoes $40 Air jordan(1-24)shoes $33 Jordan Spizike shoes $35 Jordan 2010 shoes $40 Nike shox(R4,NZ,OZ,TL1,TL2,TL3) $35 Handbags(lv fendi d&amp;g) $35 Tshirts (ed hardy,lacoste) $16 AF tshirt $25 Jean(True Religion,VERSACE,coogi) $30 Sunglasses(Oakey,gucci,Armaini) $16 New era cap $15 FREE sHIPPING http://www.soaol.com WELCOME TO OUR WEBSITE February 28 2011 at 10:28 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply dtyuildtyulyul http://www.tkkshow.com Sell:Ed/ tshirt$13,jean$30,handbag$35,jordan shoes$32,coach lv handbag$35,coogi/burberry jean$30 Free shipping! our price: bikini $25 coach chanel gucci LV handbags $32 coogi DG edhardy gucci t-shirts $15 CA edhardy vests.paul smith shoes $35 jordan dunk af1 max gucci shoes $33 EDhardy gucci ny New Era cap $15 coach okely CHANEL DG Sunglass $16 (air max, shox tn, rift, puma, dunk sb,) nike jordan shoes 1-24 $32 edhardy(shoes, tshirts, jeans, caps, watche, handbag) $25 AF(jeans, coat, hoody, sweater, tshirts)Abercrombie &amp; Fitch $31 http://www.tkkshow.com February 28 2011 at 7:57 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply Robert C Cox oldscutt77 Aug 14, 2010 12:59 AM All you idiots out there who buy junky cheap parts from that 3rd world country china, are getting what you deserve, CRAP!! Buy American parts for your American car, you jap-crap car owners, I don't care what you buy...Report This I totally Agree with this Guy TOO ADD INSULT TO INJURY ALL THAT CRAP FROM CHINA MEXICO INDIA MALAYSIA ETC ETC ETC KEEP AMERICANS NOT WORKING ADVANCED AUTO PARTS WAS MAKING BETWEEN 2 THOUSAND &amp; 3 THOUSAND A WEEK MORE A WEEK THAN LAST YEARS NUMBERS. AT A STORE THAT I WORKED AT. SO THE GREEDY SOBs LAY OFF TWENTY PEOPLE IN THAT REGION THAT R FULL TIME PEOPLE SO THEY CAN HIRE IN NEW PART TIME PEOPLE FOR LESS MONY 4 MOR GREED. WHEN R US AMERICANS GOING TO STAND UP &amp; TAKE THIS COUNTRY BACK. YOU PEOPLE UP IN VIRGINIA SHOUD B ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES. GREEDY GREEDY GREEDY. August 24 2010 at 5:40 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  brucemagen I have been in the business for over 15 years and routinely use aftermarket parts to save my customer money. Most collision parts are cosmetic in nature and I have found that companies like Keystone have quality parts which are specific to the make/model of the vehicle. In all of these years, I would say there have only been two times I have had to send a part back that didn't meet my expectations. And each time, the company replaced the part right away - no problem. Anytime I have returned an OEM part, it takes months and lots of stress to get an adjustment or replacement. August 23 2010 at 11:01 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply Robert C Cox treemanbobcox Aug 22, 2010 5:34 PM I just worked 4 Advanced Auto Parts &amp; they R the worst company as far is taking care of there employees. They will lay off 50 employees that know what they R doing &amp; hire 70 that they get cheeper &amp; just throw bodies at the counter. What a bunch of morons August 22 2010 at 5:36 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply Robert C Cox I just worked 4 Advanced Auto Parts &amp; they R the absoulite worst company as far is taking cars of there employees. They will lay oof 50 employees that know what they R doing &amp; hire 70 that they get cheeper &amp; just throw bodies at the counter. What a bunch of morons August 22 2010 at 5:34 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply blcnmild Have to dissagree with the brakes section. RIGHT: Pads and shoes are made up of a mixture of metal and synthetics. WRONG: cheaper pads/shoes have more metal (harder parts). Actually the more you pay the greator the percentage of harder metal parts. This is why the cheaper parts create more brake dust around wheels (clearly discernable) and wear out faster. Higher quality parts do last longer because of the stronger materials used but they have a down side. They tend to be noisier. Squeeking is sometimes nearly impossble to eliminate scince you have two materials closer to the same strength pressing against each other when you brake. Also article went into length on the polymers used to bond pads/shoes to their plate. WRONG: inferior bonding materials can cause pads to come apart. FACT: I've been changing brakes for over 25 years and have never seen a pad or shoe that has experienced premature separation. So other than the pros an cons I mentioned (faster wear, brake dust VS durabilty, possible noise) there is only the consideration of your individual budget to consider when choosing brake products. As for the drums and rotors, since all pads/shoes no matter the quality are by design required to be of inferior strength (so they can wear incrementaly in advance of the drums and rotors), It doesn't matter if you use use rotors/drums that are of lesser metal than premium. As long as the material is stronger than whats in the pads/shoes your'e fine just make sure to change before metal hits metal. August 22 2010 at 1:11 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply Load more comments ABUSE REPORT From: Your Comment: Send Report Cancel Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS Newsletter Latest Auto News Video: Motor Recall app makes game out of identifying vehicle lights at night Study: Car customer satisfaction down for first time in two years Study: The safest driving cities in America listed for 2013 Official: Nissan promising autonomous car production by 2020 Followup: NHTSA upgrades Corvette headlight investigation Report: Quartet of classic Chevys stolen during Monterey week Read This: Chrysler 'at war' with world's largest Viper club? More Autos News &raquo; Great Auto Loan Rates Low Rates on New and Used Autos Presented By Apply In One Easy Step &raquo; Research A New Car Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo  Find A Used Car Research, Buy and Sell Used Cars! &raquo;  FIND A GREAT USED CAR Just Say - SHOW ME THE CARFAX Powered by Have VIN? Go &gt;&gt; News From Our Automotive Partners  NHTSA Expands Chevrolet Corvette Headlight Investigation Mazda Expands SkyActiv Engine Production Cadillac Vsport to Claim Up to 15 Percent of XTS Sales More Stories &raquo;  2014 Toyota Corolla First Drive New Nissan Z Car, Code-Named Z35, in Pipeline World's Greatest Drag Race 3! 2013 Motor Trend's Best Driver's Car More Stories &raquo;  2014 Ford C-Max 2014 Ford Edge 2014 Ford Escape 2014 Ford E-Series More Stories &raquo;  Hyundai Gets Sued for 40 MPG Failure Ford Challenges Toyota Prius v with All-New C-Max How Luxury Carmakes Have Made Concierge Services a Battlefield How China Helps Expand Cadillac, Acura, Lexus, and Audi's Rear Row Seating More Stories &raquo; AOL Autos Send Feedback AOL Autos explains why cheap car parts should be avoided. Learn Car Finder Best New Cars Compare Vehicles Article Archive Site Map Buy Calculators Cars for Sale Kelley Blue Book Free Price Quotes Auto Loans Own My Wheels Owner Reviews Auto Repair Insurance Automotive Technology Drive Cheap Gas Prices Rental Cars Road Trips Safety Traffic Reports Hot Rides 2015 Mustang Porsche Macan BMW i3 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel BMW 4 Series More Auto News Autoblog AutoblogGreen DailyFinance Autos Engadget Transportation TRANSLOGIC  Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Our Ads Trademarks AOL Downloads Help AOL A-Z &copy; 2013 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved. 