 Maps of World Your Window to the World World Maps North America Maps South America Maps Europe Maps Asia Maps Africa Maps Australia Maps Antartica Maps Countries Business and Economy Cities Education Events and Festivals Hotels Sports Travel Home > Malawi > Arts And Entertainment Search Malawi Art and Entertainment Email Print  Newsletter  Malawi Fact Sheet About Malawi Malawi Maps Malawi States and Regions Malawi Cities Map Malawi Travel Malawi Hotels Malawi Business and Economy Malawi sports Malawi Flag Malawi Education Malawi Health Care Malawi History and Culture The Malawi Art and Entertainment is well linked with each other since their art work serves as a source of entertainment to them. The Malawi art comprises of two most important kinds of carvings which are found in the chief's chairs and three-legged tables. The chief's chair is made out of mahogany or ebony wood. The carvings on the chair depicts about the wildlife in Africa, dancers and various African scenes. The tables made up of three legs are also an exquisite piece of work. The Batik painting form the most important part of the Malawi art. The paintings are done on white cloths and the themes mainly include rural life and nature. In Malawi, apart from this form of art, the acrylic and oil paintings are increasingly gaining importance over time. Different types of tribal dances are very popular sources of Malawi entertainments . Apart from dances, there are some restaurants in Malawi offering entertainments to the visitors. Many a times, in various lakeshore hotels, outside the cities of Lilongwe and Blantyre, different dances are being performed by the artists after dinner. The recreational programs broadcasted on the Malawi radio stations and the television channel is a source of entertainment to the Malawians. For more information log onto these sites: Malawi Television Malawi Radio Malawi Music  History & Culture A significant part of Malawi's culture is its traditional dances and music. Explore more in this section. Culture of Malawi History of Malawi  Malawi Travel The islands, national parks, and forest reserves of Malawi are a treat for the tourists who love exploring nature.. Places of Interest  North America Map US Map Mexico Map Canada Map Europe Map Germany Map Italy Map France Map Australia & Oceania Map Australia Map New Zealand Map Fiji Map World Map World Outline Map World Physical Map World Thematic Maps World City Info New York Washington D.C. London UK Regions Map UK Map England Map Wales Map South America Map Brazil Map Argentina Map Peru Map Asia Map China Map India Map Japan Map Africa Map South Africa Map Egypt Map Nigeria Map Cities Maps London City Map Chicago City Map Paris City Map USA States Maps US States USA Thematic Maps USA County Maps Maps Wall Maps Printable World Map Thematic World Maps Utilities USA Distance Calculator USA Store Finder Projection Maps World Atlas Landkarten Der Welt Weltkarten Kontinentkarten USA Karten Deutsch Flags Referrals Latitude & Longitude Connect with us Facebook Twitter Blog RSS Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter About Us | Advertise With Us | Sitemap | Link To Us | Privacy Policy Â&copy;Compare Infobase Ltd. 