 Home About Contact Privacy Resources  Britax Marathon 70 Review Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car SeatThe Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat is deigned to protect the safety of your child. It is suitable for children rear-facing that weigh from 5 to 40 pounds. Children at least one year old and weighing at least 20 pounds can be accommodated in the forward facing position up to a weight of 70 pounds.The Britax marathon provides your son or daughter with 360 degree protection. This convertible car seat is designed to minimise any injury from any direction during a crash. Britax car seats have a very good, well deserved reputation for safety.The ... Graco Nautilus Review Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car SeatThe Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat is a forward-facing children’s car seat that can be used in three ways. It can be used as a 5 point harness seat by children from 20 - 65 pounds. It can be used as a high-back belt positioning booster seat for children from 30 - 100 pounds. It can be used as a backless booster for children from 40 - 100 pounds.The Graco Nautilus is designed for children over the age of one who have outgrown their rear-facing infant car seats. The 5 point harness can be used with ...  Britax Frontier 85 Combination Booster Car Seat Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Britax Frontier 85 Combination Booster is a suitable choice for children who are over two years old. It can be used as a forward-facing car seat using its harness for children who are over two and who weigh between 25 pounds and 85 pounds. It also converts into a booster seat for children who weigh between 40 and 120 pounds. It is designed to grow with your child. The Britax Frontier has a five point harness that will allow you to keep your child harnessed up to 85 pounds. The height of the harness can be easily adjusted using only one hand. There are ten adjustable height positions on the harness and it has three buckle positions. The energy-absorbing foam liner is very comfortable for your child to sit on as it has been constructed from comfort foam and is very soft and padded. The Britax Frontier features integrated cup holders and armrests for your child’s added convenience. Continue Reading View The Website Sunshine Kids Radian XTSL Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Sunshine Kids Radian XTSL can accommodate a child weighing up to 45 pounds in the rear-facing position. It can then be used in the forward facing position for children weighing up to 80 pounds. It has a steel alloy frame and aluminum reinforced sides. Side impact protection is ensured thanks to the use of aluminum reinforced sides, impact absorbing EPS foam, a reinforced head support and head wings that are adjustable. The Radian XTSL also has an energy absorbing 5 point harness using their SafeStop technology. Continue Reading View The Website Britax Advocate 70 CS Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Britax Advocate 70 CS is an excellent choice for parents who want a safe, comfortable, easy to install and easy to use car seat for their child. The Britax Advocate is packed with a lot of innovative safety features which make it a great choice for any parent whose primary concern is the safety of their child. There is no doubt that it has also been built with the comfort of your baby or small child in mind. High density comfort foam and a plush cover set combine with multiple buckle and recline adjustments to make your child as comfortable as possible when travelling in your vehicle. Continue Reading View The Website Recaro ProRIDE Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Recaro ProRIDE is part of the ProSERIES of children’s safety seats made by the famous Recaro company who are well known for their automobile and race car accessories. The Recaro ProRIDE is assembled in the USA and is a high quality product that will provide your baby with both safety and comfort while travelling in your vehicle. The Recaro ProRIDE comes with a variety of desirable features. It has the LATCH system allowing push button installation. It has a quick pull, easy access harness adjustment. An adjustable head support, side storage pockets and uses the Coolmesh air ventilation system to help to keep your child cool in warm weather. The 5 point harness can be used with children up to 70 pounds in weight. Continue Reading View The Website Britax Marathon 70 Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Britax Marathon 70 is deigned to protect the safety of your child. It is suitable for children rear-facing that weigh from 5 to 40 pounds. Children at least one year old and weighing at least 20 pounds can be accommodated in the forward facing position up to a weight of 70 pounds. The Britax Marathon provides your son or daughter with 360 degree protection. It is designed to minimise any injury from any direction during a crash. Britax car seats have a very good, well deserved reputation for safety. Continue Reading View The Website Graco Nautilus Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 is a forward-facing children’s car seat that can be used in three ways. It can be used as a 5 point harness seat by children from 20 &#8211; 65 pounds. It can be used as a high-back belt positioning booster for children from 30 &#8211; 100 pounds. It can be used as a backless booster for children from 40 &#8211; 100 pounds. The Graco Nautilus is designed to withstand years of use. It features an EPS energy absorbing foam and a steel reinforced frame which give the Nautilus its sturdy and durable construction. This is another high quality product from Graco that is built to last. Continue Reading View The Website Evenflo Symphony 65 E3 Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Evenflo Symphony 65 E3 All in One provides an excellent level of protection for your baby and is very easy to use. It has E3 side impact protection to help safeguard your baby in the event of an accident and utilizes Sure Latch technology to make installation of the seat in your vehicle quick and easy. The Evenflo Symphony 65 is suitable for children ranging from 5 pounds to 100 pounds in weight. Once your baby has outgrown the seat in the rear-facing position it can then be used as a high back booster seat with the straps removed. There should be no need for you to ever buy another car seat. Continue Reading View The Website Combi Coccoro Lightweight Convertible Car Seat Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Combi Coccoro Lightweight Convertible Car Seat is a very light, compact and portable unit weighing only 11 pounds, making it easy to handle. The compact design of the Combi Coccoro enables it to be easily fitted into smaller, more fuel efficient vehicles. The Combi Coccoro is machine washable and features a removable insert to allow it to accommodate smaller children. It is suitable for children whose weight ranges between 5 &#8211; 40 pounds. Continue Reading View The Website Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite can be used in three modes. It can be used as a rear-facing car seat for infants, forward-facing car using the 5 point harness for older babies, and it can also be used as a belt-positioning booster suitable for older kids. The combination features of the Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite ensure that you will never need to buy another combi seat for your child. This Safety 1st car seat also has a cup holder and pivoting armrests. It has three recline positions. It is Latch equipped so that installation in your vehicle is quick and easy for you and your child. The Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite is available in four stylish and attractive color schemes; Beaumont, Caroline, Lamont and Triton. Continue Reading View The Website Maxi Cosi Priori Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Maxi Cosi Priori is a stylish product from a brand well known for its detailed design and unsurpassed convenience. It features a unique recline system; it can be adjusted even when it is already installed in the vehicle. This allows your sleeping child to have a far more comfortable sleeping position when required. The belt lock-offs on the Maxi-Cosi Priori make installation much easier. A removable cup holder is fitted as standard for you and your child’s added convenience. It has an adjustable 5 point harness, a reclining seat and a comfort grip handle. The flame retardant cover is machine washable. Continue Reading View The Website Graco Comfort Sport Review Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews &#8211; The Graco Comfort Sport can be used in either the rear facing or forward facing position. It is suitable for children from 5 to 40 pounds in weight. It&#8217;s versatile features ensure that it can be used a rear facing car seat for infants weighing from 5 to 30 pounds, and as a forward facing car seat for toddlers weighing from 20 to 40 pounds. There are three different seat heights that can be set and the crotch straps have two positions, so it is adjustable depending on your child&#8217;s age. The Graco Comfort Sport is designed to ensure both the safety and comfort of your children. Continue Reading View The Website Instructions for updating link: All you need to do is update your affiliate link below. Your affiliate link will between the comment quotes below. For example, you see <a href="http://www.XXXXXX.com" target="_blank"> in the example below, substitute the http://www.XXXXXX.com with your own affiliate link.If for example your affiliate link was http://bob99.megalink.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=11111, then the link below would look like <a href="http://bob99.megalink.hop.clickbank.net/?tid=11111" target="_blank"> If you have questions, please visit http://www.wordpressreviewtheme.com/support . Reviews By Model Britax Frontier 85 Combination Booster Car Seat Sunshine Kids Radian XTSL Britax Advocate 70 CS Recaro ProRIDE Review Britax Marathon 70 Review Graco Nautilus Review Evenflo Symphony 65 E3 Review Combi Coccoro Lightweight Convertible Car Seat Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Review Maxi Cosi Priori Review Graco Comfort Sport Review Reviews By Category Britax Convertible Car Seats Combi Coccoro Convertible Car Seats Evenflo Convertible Car Seats Graco Convertible car Seats Maxi Cosi Convertible Car Seats Recaro Convertible Car Seats Safety 1st Convertible Car Seats Sunshine Kids Convertible Car Seats Home About Contact Privacy Resources (c) Copyright 2009-2011 Best Convertible Car Seat Reviews , All Rights Reserved. 