 The Steel Network | American Iron and Steel Institute About AISI Public Policy The New Steel Making Steel Sustainability Steel Market Development Institute About SMDI Automotive Construction Container Sustainability Autosteel About Autosteel Programs Research Great Designs In Steel Sustainability Strategic Alliance For Steel Fuel Tanks About SASFT Benefits Solutions Case Studies Environment Steel Recycling Institute About SRI Media Center Recycling Resources Steel Markets Sustainability Auto/Steel Partnership About A/SP Lightweighting Enabling Ongoing Research Sustainability News | Video | Images | Events | Shop | Contact Login  Steel is the solution to achieve 54.5 MPG by 2025 The steel industry has continually invested in new technologies for future generation steels that enable car companies to reduce mass, improve fuel economy, reduce total emissions and continue to provide affordable safe vehicles for the American public for years to come. Steel is the "complete package" to reach 54.5 mpg by 2025 Steel remains the preferred material and will continue to outperform competing materials due to its versatility and strength. Steel's role in showcasing advanced steel technologies No other event in the world brings together the automotive and steel industries in one place like Great Designs in Steel. The event offers automakers and suppliers first hand insight into what’s ahead for advanced steel technologies. Steel’s continued reinvention: New advanced steel grades meet growing automaker demands Advanced high-strength steels are the lightweight automotive material that best addresses society’s need for reduced greenhouse gas emissions, without compromising safety, performance or affordability. Maintaining steel's role in industries that have a critical need for state-of-the-art fatigue information The Bar Fatigue Blog will create new opportunities for interactive collaboration with fatigue and industry experts. About Autosteel Glossary Programs Bumpers Fuel Tanks FutureSteelVehicle Bar Machinability Long Products ULSAB ULSAB-AVC ULSAC ULSAS Wheels Research AHSS Research Growth of AHSS Lightweighting AHSS Data Utilization Enabling Technologies Safety Great Designs In Steel Past GDIS Presentations Sustainability Energy Reduction CO2 Reduction Life Cycle Information Steel Recycling  Stars to Cars The story of steel starts in the stars with the iron atom, the catalyst to life starting afresh. The possibilities of combining iron with other elements and arranging them in novel ways are unparalleled and vast, which is why and how steel keeps reinventing itself. Iron's journey has been long, and it is still not over - there are so many ways we can keep exploring the possibilities of how it has shaped - and may save - our planet and civilization. So next time you get into your car, remember to thank your stars for steel. Steel's Role in Reducing a Vehicle's Total Carbon Footprint Over the past decade, advanced high-strength steels (AHSS) have become the fastest growing material for vehicle use. AHSS are stronger, lighter, and have low emissions, helping automakers decrease a vehicle's life-long carbon footprint. The Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) approach takes a vehicle's entire environmental impact into account by looking at greenhouse gas emissions from each phase of its life. LCA shows that steel, which currently makes up about 60 percent of the average North American vehicle, generates fewer emissions than other automotive body materials. Over a vehicle's lifecycle, steel is the highest value and most environmentally effective choice for automakers. rss  News New Study Confirms Lightweight Styled Steel Wheels Equivalent in Mass to Aluminum and up to 40 Percent Cost Savings 8/6/2013 - This new steel wheel design provides automakers with a great foundation for a lightweight, affordable wheel that consumers will love. Obama Climate Action Plan Vehicle Strategy Flawed 7/10/2013 - The Obama Administration’s Climate Action Plan vehicle strategy is flawed as it fails to consider total vehicle emissions. Steel Industry Names William Heenan as Recipient of 2013 SMDI Lifetime Achievement Award 5/17/2013 - Heenan was president of the Steel Recycling Institute and retired in 2010 after nearly 40 years of service in the steel industry. Designing the Future of the Automotive Industry: Great Designs in Steel Seminar Demonstrates Steel’s Leading Position 5/2/2013 - Recent research proves that AHSS body structures can be as lightweight as aluminum bodies, while meeting all crash performance standards. New Industry Report Advances Steel's Leading Position in Vehicle and Light Truck Bumper Systems 5/1/2013 - SMDI's Bumper Group releases the 5th edition of the "Steel Bumper Systems for Passenger Vehicles and Light Trucks" product manual. View All SMDI's  Bar Machinability Database and Estimator compares various steel grades and their properties to assist automakers in their materials application decisions.   Great Designs in Steel 2013 PowerPoint Presentations Download Here  Connect With Us  25 Massachusetts Avenue, NW Suite 800 | Washington, DC 20001 | 202.452.7100 2000 Town Center Suite 320 | Southfield, MI 48075 | 248.945.4777 680 Andersen Drive | Pittsburgh, PA 15220 | 412.922.2772   &copy; 2011 Steel Market Development Institute | Privacy Policy 