 Larson Motors Pre-Owned Call Us Today: 253-770-0703 Larson Used Cars  300 River Road • Puyallup, WA 98371  HOME LookLarson.com PRE-OWNED Search All Larson Preowned Get A Quote Schedule Test Drive Find My Car Value Trade In Canadian Exports Alaska Buyers WA Tribal Purchase Info Military Financing Trucks Vans SUV Cars ONE OWNER VEHICLES SPECIALS Used Specials Current Ads FINANCE Finance Department Get Approved Payment Calculator Protection Packages Bad Credit Auto Loans Military Financing GAP coverage Credit Problems ABOUT US Hours and Directions Employment Privacy Policy Meet Our Staff Customer Testimonials Community Involvement 25 Reasons to Invest with the Larson Automotive Group Copyright Opt Out Amazing Service At Larson BLOG Puyallup Used Audi Quality Used Toyota for Sale Puyallup Puyallup Used Audi Pre-Owned Cadillac for Sale Tacoma Quality Pre-Owned Fords for Sale Fife Quality Used Toyota for Sale Puyallup Used Dodge for Sale in Fife WA Tribal Purchase Info Seattle Used Hyundai Quality Used Toyota for Sale Puyallup Used Volkswagen - Puyallup Pre-Owned Mercedes Seattle Puyallup Used Audi Puyallup Used Audi Used Chevrolet for Sale in Fife Certified Pre-Owned Hyundai for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Toyota for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Volkswagen for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Jeep for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Dodge for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Mercedes-Benz for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Ram for Sale in Puyallup Certified Pre-Owned Chrysler for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Lexus for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Porsche for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Acura for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Scion for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Infiniti for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Subaru for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Pontiac for Sale in Puyallup Pre-Owned Saturn for Sale in Puyallup Pre Owned Toyota for Sale in Puyallup Pre Owned Mercedes Benz For Sale In Puyallup Pre Owned Audi for Sale in Puyallup Pre Owned Hyundai for Sale in Puyallup Pre Owned Ford For Sale In Puyallup Pre Owned Volkswagen For Sale In Puyallup Pre Owned Chevrolet For Sale In Puyallup Pre Owned Honda For Sale In Puyallup Pre Owned Jeep For Sale In Puyallup Pre Owned Chrysler For Sale In Puyallup  Close ADVANCED SEARCH Type: Any Used (694) Certified (97) One Owner (400) Special (77) Make: Any Model: Any Order: Highest Price First Lowest Price First     &#147; Outstanding job really nice salesman and helped me out with a lot of questions and made sure we where taken care of thank you &#148; - Devon W, , Puyallup WA &#147; Thank you Joseph for your insight and knowledge concerning our vehicle (05 Chevy Blazer). Outstanding service skills. Your teamwork at Puyallup stuck out in my mind the most; aside your patience with us. A great experience with your dealership overall. I will definately be sending my friends and... View More &#148; - Edmond & Veronica, , Puyallup WA &#147; Thanks Charles I really appreciated your honesty and consideration of my debt of my last vehicle and what the next best option would be for me. Thanks again. &#148; - Jesse M, , Tacoma WA &#147; Thanks Charles I really appreciated your honesty and consideration of my debt of my last vehicle and what the next best option would be for me. Thanks again. &#148; - Jesse M,, Tacoma WA &#147; Purchasing my Audi R8 was the best automotive purchase experience I’ve ever had. Jeff Mickel was an outstanding Sales Consultant and I will most certainly return to Larson in the future for other purchases in addition to sending referrals to Jeff. &#148; - Kelly H,, Fife WA &#147; I really appreciated the work that Deanne and the tech did on my vehicle (her card is around here somewhere). The price was fair and they gave me a detailed review of what I needed done. I’ve brought my XTerra there three times, and everytime the work has been great, fairly priced, and on time.... View More &#148; - Doug M, , Seattle WA &#147; Michael was most definitely one of the best sales guys I have ever walked into. He was both professional and courteous and in my opinion a great asset to Larson Hyundai. Thank you so much for assisting me with my new Accent Michael, you definitely made it fun! &#148; - Robert S, , Seattle WA &#147; Larson Cadillac Saab is the best dealership I have ever dealt with in my life. Everything is top notch. I have bought one vehicle from Larson, a used Saab 9-3, so not the most high dollar vehicle and the respect and service that I have received from Larson is GREAT! Brian Phillips has always been... View More &#148; - Al P, , Fife WA &#147; Our sales person Colton was extremely helpful and a joy to work with. Best sales person I have ever worked with. He was quick to respond to our needs and put our car deal together quickly. We are in love with our car and extremely happy with our experience at Larson. Best experience my husband and... View More &#148; - Rodrigo K, , Tacoma WA &#147; I BIG thank you to Chip, he has been extremely helpful. This has been the easiest and most pleasant experience I’ve had getting service on any car I’ve owned. In addition, I’d like to mention that Chip pointed out a service plan I knew nothing about and scheduled outdated recalls that were... View More &#148; - Kim A, , Anacortes WA &#147; I was very impressed with how easy the staff made everything and how they explained everything since I had never bought a car. I have been sending anyone interested in buying a car your way. &#148; - Samantha P, , Tacoma WA &#147; I was really happy to have the opportunity to use an ipad while I waited. The time flew by and my car was nice and clean. Thank you very much for your great service! &#148; - Kyoung A, , Tacoma WA Sales: 253-770-0703 Sales Hours Monday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Tuesday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Wednesday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Thursday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Friday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm Saturday 10:00 am - 7:00 pm Sunday 10:00 am - 7:00 pm HOME PRE-OWNED ONE OWNER VEHICLES SPECIALS FINANCE ABOUT US BLOG Larson Motors Pre-Owned, with locations in Tacoma, Fife, and Puyallup, Washington offers used cars at great low prices, rebates, and incentives for used cars, trucks, vans and SUVs to all of our neighbors in Federal Way, Kent, Renton, and Lakewood. The expert staff members in our Service department & Parts department help our Washington customers keep their pre-owned vehicles in great shape. At Larson Motors Pre-Owned, just outside Seattle, we look forward to serving your pre-owned needs and we hope that we can help you with your next pre-owned purchase. We have helped customers from Auburn, Gig Harbor and Olympia with their used car needs and we look forward to helping you. Larson Motors Pre-Owned in Washington is the number one dealer of pre-owned vehicles in Federal Way, Kent, Renton, and Lakewood. We carry the most complete selection of pre-owned vehicles available in the Seattle, Washington area. At Larson Motors Pre-Owned in Tacoma, Fife, and Puyallup Washington, we are your one stop shop for all your pre-owned needs. At Larson Motors Pre-Owned, customer service is our number one priority. If you plan to buy a vehicle soon, you will always find the lowest prices and the best service at Larson Motors Pre-Owned. No other pre-owned dealership in Washington sells more used vehicles and has more satisfied customers than Larson Motors Pre-Owned. Because of our outstanding service and low, low used car prices, customers travel from all over Washington to visit Larson Motors Pre-Owned. Customers travel from cities such as Auburn, Gig Harbor and Olympia because they know they won’t find a better deal on a used car than at Larson Motors Pre-Owned. At Larson, we offer better deals than any other Tacoma pre-owned car dealer in Washington. Our state of the art service department will keep your pre-owned car, truck, van or SUV in excellent condition and our friendly staff will make your every visit to Larson Motors Pre-Owned a pleasant one. Our certified service technicians will keep your pre-owned car running like the day you bought it. So bring your used car, truck, van or SUV in for your next service appointment and treat yourself and your car the way you both deserve. We hope that you find our website helpful to your used car search. Although Larson Motors Pre-Owned dealerships in Tacoma, Fife, and Puyallup Washington don't stay open 24 hours a day, the Larson Motors Pre-Owned website does. On our website you can research the pre-owned car, pre-owned truck, pre-owned SUV, or pre-owned van that you would like to purchase, search our inventory of all the used cars that we offer at the lowest prices, request a vehicle price quote, find the value for your trade, view pictures and data about our huge inventory, learn about our latest specials on the pre-owned cars that we sell. Whether you are from Federal Way, Kent, Renton, and Lakewood, Auburn, Gig Harbor, Olympia, or from anywhere in the Seattle area we hope you will give us a chance to show how Larson Motors Pre-Owned is the best pre-owned car dealer in the Tacoma - Seattle Washington area. &#169; 2013 Larson Used Cars. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap | Privacy Policy Powered by PGI Auto - Dealer Sites 