
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile e-Edition Buy Photos Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Email Alerts 
 
 
 
 Join the conversation 
 Log In 
 Register 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 Article 
 Event 
 Photo 
 Video 
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 70&deg; 
 Few Clouds 
 
 
 
 Weekly Forecast 
 
 
 
 Tuesday 
 76&deg;   58&deg; 
 
 
 
 Wednesday 
 77&deg;   58&deg; 
 
 
 
 Thursday 
 76&deg;   58&deg; 
 
 
 
 Friday 
 78&deg;   57&deg; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 sponsored by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Advanced Search   |  Privacy  |  About Our Ads 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 
 News 
 Web 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 
 Web Search powered by  YAHOO!  SEARCH 
 
 
 
 
 Home News 
 
 Topics 
 Local Crime&nbsp;&&nbsp;Courts Arrest&nbsp;Logs Vandenberg&nbsp;AFB Government Education Business Wine&nbsp;News Weather State National World Weird&nbsp;News Election&nbsp;2012 
 
 The Latest 
 Supervisors to consider ways to reduce jail population 
 The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors will discuss ways to reduce recidivism and possibly approve plans for Bradley Village in Orcutt &hellip; 
 
 Rate hikes reveal discord over unions 
 When more than 100 members of a city employees’ union appeared at the Aug. 6 Lompoc City Council meeting to ask for fair treatment in their on&hellip; 
 
 
 
 SM soldier killed in Afghanistan 
 A soldier from Santa Maria was one of two killed in Afghanistan on Friday. 
 
 
 Winery ordinance changes up for comment 
 Round Two of Santa Barbara County’s winery ordinance workshops begins Thursday in Los Olivos with Long Range Planning staff looking for public&hellip; 
 
 
 Recent 
 Pismo Beach OKs changes to mixed-use development City council  to look at special events 2 suspected of burglary arrested Danish teens start semester at Santa Ynez High School Locals graduate from Cal Lutheran Sub pay increase approved Missile inspectors visit sites Three arrested in burglary investigation Santa Maria students host golf benefit at Marshallia CP to see 28-percent enrollment increase 
 Sports 
 
 Topics 
 High&nbsp;School College Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Motor&nbsp;Sports Olympics Rodeo Youth&nbsp;Sports 
 
 The Latest 
 
 
 Experience on the sidelines 
 Hancock will have 60 freshmen coming in this season. It had a big graduating class of starters from last year and at the community college lev&hellip; 
 
 
 
 
 Pressure is on for Titans 
 High school coaches have to do with the cyclical nature of football. 
 
 
 
 Recent 
 Hit hard by graduation, Shaffer still has confidence in young team Will Braves continue to dominate LPL? Espinoza takes the reins Knowles expects Conqs to succeed Game of Thrones Ellington: We will surprise people Dickey, Vreeland to lead Pirates 
 Opinion 
 
 Topics 
 Columnists Commentary Editorials Letters&nbsp;to&nbsp;the&nbsp;Editor Submit&nbsp;a&nbsp;letter 
 
 The Latest 
 Fond memory of trips east 
 Your editorial about the Washington Post reminded me of when the Yates and Urbanskes took our students to Washington, D.C. 
 
 Heating up climate debate 
 There was a time when it was believed the Earth was flat and the Sun revolved around it. Now, some say the Earth is only 6,000 years old, evol&hellip; 
 
 
 Recent 
 Freedom and ‘post-constitutional soft tyranny’ Fumbling the ball on Camp 4 A march that continues 50 years on Who are the real drug-war criminals? Investing in our children 
 Columns Blogs Cress&nbsp;Pass Daily&nbsp;Bailey Going&nbsp;the&nbsp;Distance Hey,&nbsp;Check&nbsp;This&nbsp;Out! Orcutt&nbsp;Kat Obituaries Entertainment 
 
 Topics 
 Books Calendar Comics Games Horoscope Movies Music Puzzles TV 
 
 The Latest 
 Single tickets on sale for UCSB 2013-14 season 
 Single tickets for UCSB Arts &amp; Lectures’ 2013-14 season are on sale now. 
 
 
 
 Gallery to host Mac Kah workshop 
 The C Gallery in Los Alamos, in collaboration with the highly regarded classical realist painter, Mary Kay West, and Cathy Duncan of the histo&hellip; 
 
 
 
 
 In ‘Cyrano,’ an outstanding  lead performance in a long play 
 The classic play “Cyrano de Bergerac” is now playing at PCPA in the Solvang Festival Theatre. And the play is only as good as the actor playin&hellip; 
 
 
 
 Recent 
 ‘Cyrano de Bergerac’ opening in Solvang Stamey to perform at Dana Adobe New attractions planned for Stone Soup Music Festival Balay and Newman shine in ‘Patsy Cline’ ‘A Fine Romance: Falling in Love with the English Countryside’ World-renowned artists to be featured Fast on the draw Local musician revisits Hendrix’s ‘Rainbow Bridge’ 
 Life 
 
 Topics 
 Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Announcements Calendar Columns Food Health Home&nbsp;and&nbsp;Garden In&nbsp;the&nbsp;Military Obituaries Pets Recreation 
 
 The Latest 
 Greek Salad with Orzo and Black-Eyed Peas 
 brought to you by epicurious.com and NutritionData.com 
 
 From natural art to Rice Krispies 
 To put it mildly, Elverhoj’s current exhibition, “Transitions: Wood as Art,” is a must-see. 
 
 Arugula, corn and shaved parmesan salad 
 Tomatoes abound, and corn is fresh and sweet. Add some arugula and shaved parmesan and we have a hearty salad that didn’t heat up the summer k&hellip; 
 
 First broccoli crop  grown by SM Produce during Great Depression 
 The Tomooka brothers, Toyokichi and Toyokuma, came to California from Japan in the early 1900s, with Toyokichi coming first and settling in th&hellip; 
 
 
 Recent 
 Births Oscar Rasura Oscar Rasura Kevin S. White Thomas Garrity JUDITH BAYER, 64, of Oceano, d Julian James Aquino Don Juan Clever Don Juan Clever Laura P. Moreno Laura P. Moreno 
 Get It! Classifieds View&nbsp;All&nbsp;Classifieds Automotive Jobs Merchandise Pets Garage&nbsp;Sales Services Legal&nbsp;Notices Place&nbsp;An&nbsp;Ad Homes Homes&nbsp;for&nbsp;Sale Open&nbsp;Houses Jobs Local&nbsp;Jobs Post&nbsp;Resume Work&nbsp;For&nbsp;Us Español Noticias Deportes Entretenimiento 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Breaking News 
 Family left homeless after man drives into house 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hot Topics 
 
 
 
 Family left homeless after man drives into house 
 
 
 
 
 
 SM soldier killed in Afghanistan 
 
 
 
 
 Five Cities OES engine joins Rim Fire strike team 
 
 
 
 
 Delta 4-Heavy launch set for 10:52 a.m. Wednesday 
 
 
 
 
 4.2 magnitude earthquake reported off VAFB 
 
 
 
 Home / Entertainment / Books and Literature 
 
 
 RSS Books And Literature
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ‘A Fine Romance: Falling in Love with the English Countryside’ 
 
                            
                            Arroyo Grande resident Susan Branch is the author of 12 best-selling “Heart of the Home” books — all hand-written and watercolored — about coo&hellip;
                            
                          
 August 11, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 ‘Send Me an Angel’ 
 
                            
                            This book by Samuel Santana tells the story of World War II when women were still looked upon as weak and inferior with little to contribute o&hellip;
                            
                          
 July 07, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Patrick Smithwick will hold book signing 
 
                            
                            Award-winning author and horseman Patrick Smithwick will be signing his latest book, “Flying Change: A Year of Racing and Family and Steeplech&hellip;
                            
                          
 July 05, 2013 12:15 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 JOURNEYS WITHIN: The Princess Arisen 
 
                            
                            This book by author J Arriola de Oliva, a former Guadalupe resident, tells the tale of magic realism.
                            
                          
 June 30, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 The Princess Arisen 
 
                            
                            This book by author J Arriola de Oliva, a former Guadalupe resident, tells the tale of magic realism.

                            
                          
 June 23, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 ‘The Best Bear Hugs Ever’ 
 
                            
                            The book “The Best Bear Hugs Ever,” by Santa Marian Scott Washburn, is a children’s picture book inspired by his personal experiences.

                            
                          
 June 16, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 ‘Painted Chair’ opens Saturday 
 
                            
                            Altrusa Foundation of Santa Maria, the Friends of the Santa Maria Public Library and People for Leisure and Youth will open its annual Drop Ev&hellip;
                            
                          
 March 22, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Story time at Orcutt library 
 
                            
                            Back by popular demand is “Mouse Tales,” a preschool story time at 11:15 a.m. on Tuesdays at the Orcutt Branch Library through April 23.

                            
                          
 March 15, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Author forum set for March 16 in Santa Maria 
 
                            
                            Four California authors will be featured at the American Association of University Women-Santa Maria’s 13th annual Authors’ Forum, slated from&hellip;
                            
                          
 March 01, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Annual women’s literary festival presents diverse lineup of writers 
 
                            
                            The Women’s Literary Festival (WLF) committee has lined up authors for the 2013 event, celebrating readers and women writers in a day of inter&hellip;
                            
                          
 March 01, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 SB seeking next Poet Laureate 
 
                            
                            The Santa Barbara County Arts Commission and City Arts Advisory Committee are accepting nominations for Santa Barbara’s next Poet Laureate. Th&hellip;
                            
                          
 February 08, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Lompoc Library to hold book sale 
 
                            
                            The Friends of the Lompoc Library System will kick off the new year with a book sale today and Saturday in the Lompoc Public Library Grossman &hellip;
                            
                          
 January 18, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 SM Library workshops to help new tablet users access digital collections 
 
 
                            
                            Those pixels on Kindles, Nooks and iPads haven’t yet replaced the printed word, but as more and more people join the e-reading movement, some &hellip;
                            
                          
 January 07, 2013 12:20 am 
 Photos 
 
 
 
 Photos 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (0)   
 
 
 
 
 More and more needing help with their devices 
 
 
                            
                            The pool of people who may need help learning to use their electronic reading devices is a large one, and growing.
                            
                          
 January 07, 2013 12:15 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Library to hold eBook, eAudiobook workshop 
 
                            
                            The Santa Maria Public Library will hold free workshops on how to download eBooks and eAudiobooks on computers and handheld portable devices.

                            
                          
 January 04, 2013 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 ‘Birds’ theme for story time Jan. 12 
 
                            
                            “Birds” will be the theme for the Saturday, Jan. 12, Children’s Story Time and Activity set for 10 a.m. to noon at the Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes Center.

                            
                          
 December 30, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Friends of Lompoc Library book sale 
 
                            
                            The Friends of the Lompoc Library will kick-off the new year with a Fall Book Sale Friday and Saturday, Jan. 18 and 19, in the Lompoc Library &hellip;
                            
                          
 December 30, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 ‘In Quest of the Old West — A Driving Diary’ &amp; ‘The Mystery of the Lost Recipe’ 
 
                            
                            ‘In Quest of the Old West — A Driving Diary’

                            
                          
 December 23, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Brenda Wilder to hold book signing 
 
                            
                            Author Brenda Wilder will hold a book signing from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 29, at South Side Coffee Company, 105 South H St. in Lompoc.
                            
                          
 December 21, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Marian nurses, program featured in new book 
 
 
                            
                            Chapter 16 of the recently published book “Great Health Care — Making it Happen” may not read like “The Great Gatsby,” “The Grapes of Wrath” o&hellip;
                            
                          
 December 11, 2012 12:10 am 
 Photos 
 
 
 
 Photos 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Orcutt library moving to new location 
 
                            
                            On Saturday, Dec. 1, the Orcutt branch library will close its doors at its current location and reopen on Saturday, Dec. 8, at the new expande&hellip;
                            
                          
 November 30, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Orcutt author brings early 1900s to life 
 
 
                            
                            Maybe you remember your own worn-out shoes. Maybe you don’t.

                            
                          
 November 25, 2012 12:15 am 
 Photos 
 
 
 
 Photos 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Honoring the ‘Code Talkers’ 
 
 
                            
                            In honor of Veterans Day, author and filmmaker Gary Robinson will hold a book signing and film screening from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday, at The Boo&hellip;
                            
                          
 November 09, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Published writer moves to Lompoc 
 
 
                            
                            Lompoc’s newest author, Connie Amarel, wrote the first line of her first book, “I Wonder Why” when she was just a kid, looking up at the night&hellip;
                            
                          
 November 09, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 Storyteller at SM library today 
 
                            
                            Storyteller John Weaver, usually known for spreading silliness during his all-ages performances throughout the San Francisco Bay area and beyo&hellip;
                            
                          
 October 24, 2012 12:00 am (0)   
 
 
 
 
 More Books And Literature 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Local advertising  by PaperG 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Santa Maria Times on Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 Santa Maria Times on Twitter 
 Follow @santamariatimes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 Santa Maria Times on YouTube 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Foursquare 
 
 Santa Maria Times on Foursquare 
 Like us on foursquare 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 Get email updates from Santa Maria Times 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 Follow Santa Maria Times via RSS 
 RSS Feeds 
 
 
 
 
 
 Most Popular 
 
 
 Articles 
 Comments 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 SM soldier killed in Afghanistan 
 
 
 
 Kevin S. White 
 
 
 
 A shadow of her old self 
 
 
 
 Fenenga beats the odds 
 
 
 
 Possible motive, details in murder case revealed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Good job of finding more jobs  (26)
                 
 
 
 Abortion issue and other views  (24)
                 
 
 
 Race issues at the very top  (11)
                 
 
 
 A grab bag of pure greed  (28)
                 
 
 
 Real mission: Saving planet  (10)
                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Deals and Offers 
 
 
 
 Visit Furniture Depot today for all your home furnishing needs! 
 
 
 
 Custom Printing 
 
 
 
 If in jail, you need bail ... call us 24/7 
 
 
 
 Are you looking to To Image Christ in Mind, Heart, Body and Soul? 
 
 
 
 Save at least 30% off of manufacturers retail pricing! 
 
 
 Featured Businesses View More...   
 
 
 
 St Joseph High School 
 
 
 
 The Antique Mall 
 
 
 
 At Home Senior Service 
 
 
 
 Furniture Depot 
 
 
 
 CIG Central Coast Insurance Agency 
 
 Find a local business   
 
 
 I'm looking for: 
 Located near: 
 Hint:  Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the  full business directory . 
 
 
 
 
 Online e-Edition 
 
 Read your newspaper online, anytime, anywhere! 
 Read today's Santa Maria Times print edition at any time from any computer. Your local news and information at your convenience! 
 Read &nbsp;|&nbsp; Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Ads 
 
 Jobs 
 Homes 
 Rentals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Services Contact Us Events Calendar Subscriber Services 
 Our Other Newspapers Adobe Press Lompoc Record Santa Ynez Valley News Times Press Recorder 
 
 
 
 
 
 &copy; Copyright 2013,  Santa Maria Times , 3200 Skyway Drive Santa Maria, CA |  Terms of Service  and  Privacy Policy 
        |  Find Area Businesses 
 
 
 
 Find Area Businesses 
 
 
 
 Santa Maria Apartments 
 Santa Maria Attorneys 
 Santa Maria Auto Dealers 
 Santa Maria Auto Parts 
 Santa Maria Auto Repair 
 Santa Maria Beauty Salons 
 Santa Maria Car Rental 
 Santa Maria Dentists 
 Santa Maria Doctors 
 Santa Maria Flowers 
 Santa Maria Hotels 
 Santa Maria Insurance 
 Santa Maria Loans 
 Santa Maria Mortgages 
 Santa Maria Movers 
 Santa Maria Pizza 
 Santa Maria Realtors 
 Santa Maria Restaurants 
 Santa Maria Storage 
 Santa Maria Tax Preparation 
 Santa Maria Travel 
 More Santa Maria&hellip; 
 Casmalia Apartments 
 Casmalia Attorneys 
 Casmalia Auto Dealers 
 Casmalia Auto Parts 
 Casmalia Auto Repair 
 Casmalia Beauty Salons 
 Casmalia Car Rental 
 Casmalia Dentists 
 Casmalia Doctors 
 Casmalia Flowers 
 Casmalia Hotels 
 Casmalia Insurance 
 Casmalia Loans 
 Casmalia Mortgages 
 Casmalia Movers 
 Casmalia Pizza 
 Casmalia Realtors 
 Casmalia Restaurants 
 Casmalia Storage 
 Casmalia Tax Preparation 
 Casmalia Travel 
 More Casmalia&hellip; 
 Guadalupe Apartments 
 Guadalupe Attorneys 
 Guadalupe Auto Dealers 
 Guadalupe Auto Parts 
 Guadalupe Auto Repair 
 Guadalupe Beauty Salons 
 Guadalupe Car Rental 
 Guadalupe Dentists 
 Guadalupe Doctors 
 Guadalupe Flowers 
 Guadalupe Hotels 
 Guadalupe Insurance 
 Guadalupe Loans 
 Guadalupe Mortgages 
 Guadalupe Movers 
 Guadalupe Pizza 
 Guadalupe Realtors 
 Guadalupe Restaurants 
 Guadalupe Storage 
 Guadalupe Tax Preparation 
 Guadalupe Travel 
 More Guadalupe&hellip; 
 Nipomo Apartments 
 Nipomo Attorneys 
 Nipomo Auto Dealers 
 Nipomo Auto Parts 
 Nipomo Auto Repair 
 Nipomo Beauty Salons 
 Nipomo Car Rental 
 Nipomo Dentists 
 Nipomo Doctors 
 Nipomo Flowers 
 Nipomo Hotels 
 Nipomo Insurance 
 Nipomo Loans 
 Nipomo Mortgages 
 Nipomo Movers 
 Nipomo Pizza 
 Nipomo Realtors 
 Nipomo Restaurants 
 Nipomo Storage 
 Nipomo Tax Preparation 
 Nipomo Travel 
 More Nipomo&hellip; 
 Featured 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 &times; 
 Join the conversation 
 
 
 Login 
 Signup 
 
 
 
 
 If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account.  If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, Santa Maria Times. 
 
 
 Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Login here with santamariatimes.com account: 
 Email &amp; Password Required! 
 
 
 
 Email: 
 
 
 
 Password: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Remember me on this computer 
 
 
 Forgot Password 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Please Wait&hellip; 
 Login 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Domain: santamariatimes.com
    BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11
    BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0
    LEE Global version: 1.12.13
    BLOX Application: editorial
    BLOX Application Skin: lee-news
    Timestamp: 3:33:45 pm
 
 
 
