 Get the new BostonGlobe iPhone app today - enjoy a 1 month FREE trial and stay informed on the go! Arts Boston.com Classifieds : Cars Jobs Real Estate Log In Subscribe: Digital Home Delivery Log In  Search:  Sections News Metro Arts Business Sports Opinion Lifestyle Magazine section: /arts, test2:/insiders Insiders Today's Paper My Saved Today&#8217;s Paper My Saved Books Movies Music Television Theater & Art Summer Arts Preview In this section : Arts BOOK REVIEW ‘In-Flight Entertainment’ by Helen Simpson By Laura Collins-Hughes | Globe Staff  March 03, 2012 Article Preview Comments Subscribe Fearless, funny writing shadowed with dread is the hallmark of &ldquo;In-Flight Entertainment,&rsquo;&rsquo; Simpson&rsquo;s latest collection, which might have been subtitled &ldquo;Something to Read as We Hurtle Toward Extinction.&rsquo;&rsquo; The overriding thematic concern is climate change, a threat that, one gathers, Simpson believes we may be too late to remedy. Stay with the story. Get full access to BostonGlobe.com for just 99&cent; Unlimited access to BostonGlobe.com for only 99&cent; for the first 4 weeks. You can cancel at any time. The FULL story all day: Enjoy all of the high-quality, in-depth journalism in the print edition of the Boston Globe &mdash; plus breaking news that's updated 24/7. A truly reader-friendly format: It's online news that looks and reads just like the newspaper &mdash; uncluttered, uninterrupted. Breakthrough technology: The responsive design automatically adapts content so it always reads perfectly on the digital device of your choice. Get started today Free access for home delivery subscribers. Just need to link your home delivery account; one easy step. Link my home delivery account BostonGlobe.com Subscriber Log In E-mail Password Remember me Forgot your password? Contact us for help Phone 888-MY-GLOBE Monday-Friday 6:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m. Saturday, Sunday and Holidays 7:30 a.m.- 12:00 noon Chat Starta chat Monday-Sunday 8:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m. E-mail support@bostonglobe.com Learn more Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in My Saved List Manage home delivery Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work here &copy; 2013 The New York Times Company 