 Upload Browse Popular Downloaded Liked Channels Videos Featured Go Pro Login Signup Email Like Liked &times; Save Private Content Embed Loading embed code&hellip; &times; This activity has also been shared with your LinkedIn network Undo LinkedIn share Settings  We have emailed the verification/download link to " " .   Login to your email and click the link to download the file directly.  To request the link at a different email address, update it here. Close Validation messages. Success message. Fail message. Check your bulk/spam folders if you can't find our mail. Loading   [if IE 7]> <style> .toolbar .navActions { position: relative; top: -28px; } div.toolbar .nav {margin-left : 37%; } </style><![endif] &laquo; &lsaquo; &rsaquo; &raquo; /17 Related  Safety and Mobility of Older Road Users 1052views Like Liked Work related road_safety 744views Like Liked Final texting while driving 1149views Like Liked Daimler AG “The Road to Accident-free Driving.” 2677views Like Liked Final Project 340views Like Liked Personal injury lawyers 193views Like Liked  NYC Personal Injury Lawyer 256views Like Liked Personal injury lawyers 200views Like Liked Accident control part 3 final - Fully controlling accidents 2447views Like Liked Child deaths by injruy 2001 1095views Like Liked Drive it right 635views Like Liked On-the-Job Distracted Driving: 31 Important Statistics, Facts &amp; Ideas 2683views Like Liked Por amor 460views Like Liked Operation-ROAD (Reminder On Accidental Deaths) Preview On- 11-07-2011 737views Like Liked Toolkit decade of action for road safety 2011 2020 english 922views Like Liked When to-use-a-water-filled-barrier 983views Like Liked 9 June 2011, 39 countries working for road safety Awareness day to promote road &hellip; 1197views Like Liked Briggs Equipment: National Safety Month 179views Like Liked Kittelson Workshop: Road Safety Audit 1054views Like Liked Tweet Pin It Wordpress + Follow Car crash culture by tweedyourtoast on Jul 24, 2011 1,004 views More&hellip; Less Accessibility View text version Categories Automotive Upload Details Uploaded via SlideShare as Adobe PDF Usage Rights &copy; All Rights Reserved Flagged as inappropriate Flag as inappropriate Flag as inappropriate Select your reason for flagging this presentation as inappropriate. If needed, use the feedback form to let us know more details. None Pornographic Defamatory Illegal/Unlawful Spam Other Terms Of Service Violation Cancel File a copyright complaint Statistics Likes 0 Downloads 6 Comments 0 Embed Views 0 Views on SlideShare 1,004 Total Views 1,004  No comments yet Notes on Slide 1 Subscribe to comments Post Comment Edit your comment Cancel  More&hellip; Car crash culture Presentation Transcript EDITORS ACKNOWLEDGMENTS    INTRODUCTION Thanks are gratefully extended to all contributors, and special thanks to  MIKITA BROITMANKenneth Anger, David Kerekes, Randy Malamud, Kristi Long, ThomasJones, Adam Parfrey, and Joseph Rupp. Most of all, much gratitude isdue to my friends at the Columbia Seminar on Cinema and Interdisci­plinary Interpretation for their continued interest and encouragement, IVE HEARD IT SAID THAT EXPERIENCED RESCUE WORKERS CAN, from someespecially Krin Gabbard, Pamela Grace, Bill Luhr, Chris Sharrett, and distance, recognize the distinctive smell of an accident, just as many psy­David Sterritt.   chiatrists can recognize the smell of a schizophrenic in crisis. I wonder    what an accident smells like. I wonder if theres any similarity between    these two smells.    Youre driving calmly along the freeway when, in the distance, you    spot the red and blue flashing lights of a police car. Suddenly a blaring    ambulance comes rushing past you down the hard shoulder. Ahead, the    traffic slows to a crawl, people stopping to gaze in fascination at the    wreckage by the side of the road. Trapped in the middle of a huge colli­    sion. a human body has just been transformed into something special­    a man~machine centaur, an obscure roadside saint. For just a moment,    death has infected your life; the corpse has encroached upon your day.    Memories of accidents plague our highways and haunt the paths of    our journeys. Every bad stretch of freeway and blind corner has its    ghosts, casualties of automotive carnage.    Ive also heard it said that everybody has one major accident in their    lives. If this is ttue, then I had mine in October 1992 on the Salamis    Road in Turkish Cyprus. It was a Friday night and Id been out for a    drink with a friend. Wed shared a bottle of wine at a bar, and around    midnight Id dropped off my friend at her apartment and stopped in at    another bar to see if some other people I knew were there and to check XII MIKITA BROITMAN      INTRODUCTION XIIIout the band. But my friends had already left, so after having a beer at realize that theres another car right in front of me whose hood is sort ofthe bar, at about one oclock in the morning, I set off on the three- or embedded in mine. I dont know how I didnt notice it before-its sofour-mile drive back to my apartment.   close I could almost have reached out and touched it through the In any European country, I would probably have been slightly over the smashed glass of my windshield.limit for drunk driving. But this was Turlcish Cyprus, and it was pretty The next thought that comes into my head is the realization that Imuch the usual practice for everybody on that side of the island to drive must have just had a major car accident. Its a thrilling thought. Id neverhome if theyd been out drinlcing on Friday and Saturday nights. There been in any lcind of serious accident before in my life. And for some rea­were no laws against drunk driving, virtually no public transport, and no son, the thought that Im sitting there in the middle of a major carsystem of police road checks or breathalyzers. Perhaps more significantly, wreck-perhaps even a fatal one--suddenly seems terribly exciting to me.the only places to go in the evening were bars and nightclubs, and the The next thing I remember is noticing a blood-covered man loolcingonly way to get to them was by car. The police all went home at five in through my drivers side window. He stares at me for a while throughoclock, which was also when the buses stopped running. In other words, the broken glass, then starts trying to pull the door open, but its alleverybody drove everywhere, no matter how much theyd had to drink.  smashed in and he cant open it. Then, behind him, I notice there areEven worse, the majority of the people on that side of the island were the some other people, also covered in blood, wallcing aimlessly around intolcind ofcollege students known as magandas-the none-too-clever, binge­  the mist. Its a very vivid scene, and reminds me a little bit of Night o/thedrinlcing sons of wealthy Turlcish families, away from home for the first Living Dead. Until this point I havent thought about my injuries at all,time and behind the wheel of their first Mercedes. As a result, fatal car but now I think that if these people are all covered in blood, then maybecrashes were a weekly affair.   I am too. I reach up to the rearview mirror, twist it down toward me, and The road leading back to my apartment is also especially dangerous, Im right. My face is not my face anymore. All I can see is a mess of tornand well known for its car accidents. There are no road lights and no cen­ slcin and blood, and my own eyes loolcing back at me through it.ter marlcings. Im driving pretty fast on this particular night-probably Next, somebody is pulling me out of the wreck by my legs, which isaround fifty or sixty-and, as usual, Im not wearing my seat belt. Im unbelievably painful, but a pain that is quickly forgotten (isnt it curiousless than half a mile from my apartment building when another car turns how difficult it is to retain our memories of physical pain?). Later I learninto the road rather sharply, about two hundred yards in front of me,  that one of my hips has been dislocated, which is what makes extricatingwith its headlights on full. It turns into my side of the road and starts me from the car so painful--or perhaps the process of being pulled outmoving toward me, gaining speed. Im blinded momentarily by its head­  of the wreckage has actually caused the dislocation. Nobody knows.lights, and I notice theyre getting closer and closer, and the car still Then Im being carried into a vehicle--I imagine it to be an ambu­seems to be way over on my side of the road.   lance, but later I learn it was actually a passing taxi; in fact, the hospital The next thing I know, Im sitting up in my car seat and I realize that in Famagusta didnt even own any ambulances. Then somebody with amy engine seems to have stalled, because my car isnt moving. Its com­ knife or pair ofscissors is cutting up each leg of my favorite pair ofjeans.pletely dark and silent, and theres no light at all outside. I turn the key These jeans are later mended perfectly and free of charge by a local tai­in the ignition, but the engine seems to be totally dead. I cant under­ lor (who comes and sits by my hospital bed and reads me his abysmalstand whats happened. I try turning the key a second time, a third time, epic poetry), and for a while I loved wearing them just to show every­but nothing.    body where they were stitched up after the accident. Then, gradually, I become aware that my car windshield is totally The next morning I wake up in a hospital bed: an accident victim.smashed up and-beyond that-that the hood is all crushed in. Then I They show me the damage. Im covered in little cuts from glass splinters. XIV MIKITA BROITMAN     INTRODUCTION XV    serious car accident and experiencing an unusually heightened sense of    consciousness and a powerful feeling ofvitality and well-being. And this    led me to understand an important truth: that accidents can bring as    much pleasure as pain.    And lets face it: we all feel a slight thrill at the thought of any serious    accident.     ....    Enormous amounts of money are invested every year by the car industry    in the development of new safety features; in most Western countries,    penalties for driving offenses such as speeding and driving under the in­    fluence are draconian. But it still seems perplexing to me not that there    are so many car accidents on the road today but that there are so few. InI.I Northern Cyprus, October 1993.  the United States, the typical driver is involved in a road accident about    once every twelve years. Also, ironically, two out of every five automo­    bile-related deaths are caused by pedestrians making hazardous foraysMy left wrist is fractured and my right hip dislocated-and soon be­  into the road. One recent study of the worlds most dangerous placescomes infected with thrombosis. Worst of all, however, my face is all concluded that there is nowhere in the world more precarious than At­smashed up from where I crashed headfirst into the broken windshield; lanta, particularly if you are trying to cross the road. 1 In fact, by far themy nose is crushed and split open all down the middle. Still, Im pretty most dangerous form of transportation today is walking. Perhaps the bestlucky. The people in the other car, a Turkish family on their way back  answer to the problem of road safety is to get more people off the side­from a wedding on the other side of the island, all have injuries far more walks and behind the wheel.severe than mine.    As the chapters in this book illustrate, however, the car crash is the ar­ Im in the hospital for about six weeks: an ordeal that is dull, tedious, op­ chetypal means of celebritydeath--certainlythe most memorable, and per­pressive, and-from time to time--physically painful. What makes it worse haps also the most appealing, forming an appropriately dramatic closure tois the fact that Im the passive victim of the hospitals only doctor-an ar­ a life lived in public. From motorcade and gold-plated Rolls to tour busrogant despot who speaks to me in German because he doesnt know any and stretch limousine, celebrities are particularly fond of their automo­English. The fact that I dont speak German is somehow beside the point. biles. Nothing makes a better tabloid headline than the celebrity car crash,Friends tell me that hes well known on the local bar scene as a transves­ especially if it involves drugs, alcohol, excessive speed, violence, or passen­tite-something I find difficult to believe until, during one of his brusque gers who shouldnt have been there. Nothing ends a tale of beauty, wealth,morning visits, I notice very faint traces ofblack eye makeup under his eyes. and potential better than blood on the tracks. The celebrity car crash is a But the most interesting part of the whole accident is that at no time, sacred moment in time, a magic ritual, an instant constellation of tragedy,either during the crash or afterwards, did I ever feel any trauma of any sacrifice, mass fantasy, and monumental comeuppance.kind. In fact, even when they were pulling my body out of the wreck, I The youngest celebrity ever to have been killed by a car was the infant remember only feeling thrilled by the fact that I was in the middle of a  Pauline Flood, better known as silent-movie star Baby Sunshine. Flood XVI MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XVIIwas run over by a truck in Los Angeles when she was only one year old. killed in 1940 after breaking his neck when his car overturned in Flo­Seven other minor celebrities were killed in car accidents between 1910 rence, Arizona (in chapter 1, Kenneth Anger relives his childhood mem­and 1920, and seven more in the following ten years. These included the ories of this thrilling trauma: a shocking index of the loss of innocence).great dancer Isadora Duncan, who was killed at the age of forty-nine in Author Nathanael West and his wife, Eileen McKenney, were killed in ElSeptember 1927, on the French Riviera. It was around ten in the  Centro, California, on December 21, 1940, in the same week that sawevening, and Duncan was heading back from a walk along the Prome­ the death ofWests literary hero, R Scott Fitzgerald. Other car-related fa­nade des Anglais in Nice, beautifully dressed as usual in three or four im­ talities during the decade included the especially interesting case ofmense iridescent scarves that streamed around her neck and body. On Charles Butterworth, a character actor who starred in a string of comedythe way back to her hotel, she found a vacant taxi-a convertible-and classics throughout the 1930s. His death in a car crash in 1946 was reg­got into the back seat, not realizing that the loose end of one of her istered as an accident, but since he was reportedly distraught at the time,scarves had fallen outside the car and was caught in the rear wheel. As many believe his death should have been classed as a suicide. (See chap­the taxi reached full speed, the scarf wound itself round the wheel and ters 9 and 10 in this volume for the difficulties in classifying single-carthe strong silk began to strangle Duncan, finally dragging her bodily out auto accidents.)of the car and throwing her down on the cobblestone street. She was  The mother of all celebrity crashes took place at 5:59 P.M. on Sep­dragged several yards behind the cab before the driver was alerted to the tember 30, 1955, at the intersection ofroutes 41 and 466 near Pasa Rob­accident by the cries and shouts of passersby. Duncan was strangled and les, California. A week after completing shooting on Giant, James Dean,killed instantly. Interestingly, two of her children had also been killed in the enfant terrible of car crash culture, was, as everybody who caresa freak car accident in 1913, when they were left unattended in a vehi­ knows, on his way to a sports car rally in Salinas in his silver Porsche Spy­cle that rolled down a hill and plunged over a bridge into the Seine. der, the &quot;Little Bastard.&quot; A few hours earlier, in Bakersfield, Dean had In the decade that followed, the number of celebrity car accidents in­ been issued a speedirtg ticket and warned to slow down, but when his carcreased significantly, partly due to the expansion of the motion-picture crashed head-on into an oncoming vehicle, he was reportedly driving atindustry but also due to the enormous increase in traffic on the roads a speed of at least 86 mph. His last words-to passenger Rolfand the sudden expansion of the freeway system around Los Angeles. Weutherich-were apparently &quot;hes got to see us.&quot; Deans head wasThe most colorful celebrity car crash of the 1930s was probably that  nearly severed from his body by the crash; Weutherich suffered a brokenwhich involved R W. Murnau, the German-born director of Faust and  leg and head injuries, and the driver of the other vehicle, Donald Tur­Nosftratu, who was killed on March 11, 1931, in Santa Barbara, at the nupseed, was only slightly injured.age of forty-two. When Murnaus car came off the road on a stretch of  A compulsive and reckless personality, Dean had been invited duringCalifornian coastline, it was determined that the driver was not the film the last month of his life to take part in a traffic safety commercial on be­director but his fourteen-year-old Filipino houseboy, Garcia Stevenson. half of the National Highways Committee. During Deans sequence, heThe rumor that Murnau was going down on his servant at the time, is interviewed by actor Gig Young, who starts off by saying to himspread by Kenneth Anger in the book Hollywood Babylon-and recalled &quot;Jimmy, we probably have a great many young people watching usby both Anger and Howard Lake in this volume--has never been &quot;offi­ tonight, and, for their benefit, Id like your opinion about fast driving oncially&quot; confirmed, although its clear the boy was one of Murnaus lovers. the highway. Do you think its a good idea?&quot; In response, the guilty speed Between 1940 and 1950, the number of celebrity car accidents was  freak looks directly at the camera, grins sexily, and warns the filmssomewhat lower, perhaps as a result of increases in road and traffic safety. teenage viewers to &quot;Remember, drive safely-because the next life youNotable crash victims included cowboy film star Tom Mix, who was save may be mine.&quot; After Deans death, his wrecked Porsche was used as XVIII MIKITA BROTTMAN     INTRODUCTION XIX    transported to a public road-safety exhibition in Salinas and the driver of    the transporter was killed as the truck skidded and crashed. After that,    the remains of the wrecked Porsche disappeared in the Florida Keys­    and have not been heard of since-although individual relics occasion­    ally crop up from time to time, like pieces of Christs &quot;true cross,&quot; as    Julian Darius explains in chapter 26. Indeed, in chapter 1, Kenneth    Anger confesses to owning a piece of Deans death car, which he bought    for the bargain price of $300.    Is it possible that the highly charged panic and emotion of a violent    death can stay with the parts of a wrecked car? Can accident sites some­    how retain the ghosts, the memories, the smells ofan accident? This com­    mon superstition is the basis of &quot;The Death Car,&quot; one of the many urban    legends involving automobiles chronicled by the popular folklorist Jan­    Harold Brunvand. 3 In the most fi:equendy recounted version, explains1.2 1949 Mercury from Rebel Without a Cause.  Brunvand, a friend of a friend picks up a flashy sports car for an inexplic­    ably cheap price. The reason for the reduced price, it turns out, is because    somebody has died in the car. One version of the story-recounted brieflya safe driving exhibit in a nationwide tour to discourage his teenage fans here in chapter 28 by Gregory Ulmer-has the car sitting in the middle offrom similar feats of daredevil driving. 2  the Mojave desert for a week with a dead body in it. Another has someone &quot;The Curse ofJames Deans Car&quot; gathered momentum over the years,  committing suicide inside the vehicle and the body being left to rot forresulting in a total of twelve documented fatalities in which the &quot;haunted months. In every version of the tale, however, the fundamental point is thecar&quot; was allegedly involved. Celebrity car customizer George Barris  same: The vehicle is almost always described as new, a model deemed tobought the mangled wreck of the &quot;Litde Bastard&quot; to sell off some of the be highly desirable at the time ofthe storys telling (Model A, Buick, Cadil­undamaged parts. Barris claims that Deans car was &quot;wild-looking, evil­ lac, Corvette, Jaguar, and so on), and the smell of death cant be elimi­looking,&quot; and gave him the creeps. He says he always had a &quot;bad feeling&quot; nated. No amount of washing or scrubbing can make it go away.about the Porsche-which lacked the safety features ofsimilar models­  According to Brunvand, folklorist Richard M. Dorson thought thatand apparently had warned Jimmy many times about the car. When the he had traced &quot;The Death Car&quot; back to a 1938 suicide in the small townsmashed vehicle was delivered to Barriss yard, it allegedly rolled off the of Mecosta, Michigan, but later study turned up prototypical elementsback of the delivery truck and broke a mechanics legs. A Beverly Hills earlier in Europe. Other folklorists have speculated that the cars offen­doctor, Troy McHenry, who also raced cars, bought the engine from the sive smell is perhaps not only the smell of death but that of filthy lucre.&quot;Little Bastard,&quot; transferred it to another car, and was killed the first time The prestigious sports car can be obtained by working class people onlyhe drove it. A fellow doctor who bought the transmission put it in his  if it is defective--in other words, if it stinks. In this narrative, as in soown car and was then seriously injured in a crash, and a man in New  many similar tales, the accident-scarred automobile becomes a forcefieldYork who bought two of the Porsches tires spent weeks in hospital when of trouble, terminally hexed by the ghost of one previous owner.they both &quot;mysteriously&quot; blew out at the same time. A year later the curse  Everyone knows that his car crash was the best career move Dean everclaimed another victim, when the remaining shell of the car was being made. Parallels are often drawn between his death and the &quot;chicken run&quot; xx MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XXIscene in Rebel Without a Cause (1955), in which Jim Stark (Dean) and thrown out of the wreckage and on to the road. The three children, whoanother boy are driving two hot-wired cars toward the edge ofa cliff. The were sleeping in the back of the car, received only minor bruises. s Mostfirst one to jump out is a chicken. Jim rolls free at the last second, but accounts of the crash-including Kenneth Angers, in chapter I-de­the other boys coat sleeve is caught in the door handle of his car, and he scribe Mansfield as being decapitated; Anger recalls seeing a photographrolls over a cliff to his death. In the aftermath comes Deans anguished of the actresss severed head mounted on the front of her wrecked car,voice crying &quot;a boy was killed!&quot;  &quot;surrealistically transformed into a bloody hood ornament.&quot; Other, less The 1960s were a fashionable decade for celebrity car crashes; twelve lurid reports claim that Mansfield wasnt in fact decapitated but scalpedwell-known personalities were killed in automobile-related incidents be­ by the cars roof, her blonde wig thrown forward on to the hood of thetween 1960 and 1970, not including what Vaughan in J. G. Ballards Buick. However, in the clearest photograph of the wreck, Mansfieldsnovel Crash memorably describes as the &quot;special kind of car crash&quot; expe­ body, covered with a tarp, lies in the foreground, and its dear to see thatrienced by John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963, analyzed in detail there is nothing where her head should be. No one, however, will debatehere in chapter 16 by Pamela McElwain-Brown. The year 1960 saw the the fact that two innocent young Chihuahuas also lost their lives indeath of author and philosopher Albert Camus, at the age of forty-six, in tragic circumstances.a car driven by his publisher in Le Sens, France-a crash whose cultural The 1970s saw a significant increase in the number of celebrity carsignificance is examined in this volume in chapter 25 by Derek Parker  crash deaths. The decades casualties include former child actor BrandonRoyal. That same year rock-and-roll singer Eddie Cochran was killed at de Wilde, who was driving through Denver, Colorado, on July 6, 1972,the age of twenty-one in a taxi crash in Bath, England; two years later co­ when his car hit a flatbed truck, killing him instantly. In Britain, themedian Ernie Kovacs was killed in a terrible accident at the age of forty­ world of pop music was shaken by the untimely death of Marc Bolan,two. The defining car crash of the 1960s, however, is the midnight amphetamine sage and lead vocalist of the group T-Rex, who was killedcollision that took the life of actress Jayne Mansfield in 1967. in the early hours of September 16, 1977, when he and his girlfriend, After standing in at a nightclub engagement in Biloxi, Mississippi, as Gloria Jones, were returning from a nightclub. Gloria was at the wheel;a replacement for Mamie Van Doren, the thirty-five-year-old Mansfield Bolan, despite a lifetimes fascination with cars, had never learned towas being driven to New Orleans in the early hours of June 29 to be in­ drive. (See Howard Lakes creepy chapter 6 in this volume for an inves­terviewed on a local television show. She was traveling with her current tigation of the role of the passenger in car crashes.) The Bolan crash tookboyfriend (San Francisco attorney Samuel S. Brody), three of her five place in Barnes Common, North London; Jones, having just driven overchildren, and four pet Chihuahuas. The 1966 Buick Electra was being a humpbacked bridge, took a sharp curve and lost control of the car,driven by Ronnie Harrison, a college student who was working as a  which came off the road at high speed and crashed into a tree; Gloriachauffeur for the summer. The party set off from Biloxi at about 2:30 in Jones survived, but the twenty-nine-year-old Bolan was killed on impact.the morning. About twenty miles outside New Orleans on windy U.S.  Bolans car crash, like many later accidents, provoked a considerableHighway 9~ften known as the Spanish Trail-the Buick smashed  media-based frenzy ofmourning. The day after the fatal crash, which madestraight into the back ofa trailer that had stopped suddenly behind a city front-page news, crazed fans broke into Bolans home and stole almosttruck spraying the swamps with anti-mosquito insecticide. everything they could get their hands on; a hospital worker even tried to The crash was so forceful that the impact sheared off the top of the sell the blood-splattered clothes the eccentric star had been wearing theBuick, which apparently &quot;crumpled like piece of tinfoil after a cook­ night of the crash. The funeral was a circus of grieving fans, and even nowout&quot;4-in fact, crash investigators first assumed the hardtop was a con­ the &quot;death tree&quot; on Barnes Common remains a roadside shrine for tendervertible. Jayne, Brody, and Harrison were killed instantly, their bodies messages and other sentimental ornaments of tribute and grie£6 INTRODUCTION XXIIIXXII MIKITA BROTIMAN    and safety of celebrity transportation since the 1980s have meant that    such instances of vehicular mayhem, when they do happen, make even    more tawdry headlines for the tabloids. One especially compelling acci­    dent happened on September 13, 1982, at approximately 9:30 A.M.,    when former movie actress Grace Kelly was driving from Roc Agel along    a hazardous road on the Moyenne Corniche, toward Monaco (coinci­    dentally, the same snaking road she traveled in a thrilling ride with Cary    Grant in the 1955 fIlm To Catch a Thief). While passing through the    town of Mentone, the car failed to negotiate a curve and flew off the    road, rolling down the side of a steep cliff. Graces daughter Stephanie    survived the crash, but the princess drifted into a coma. At six the fol­    lowing morning she was pronounced brain dead. After her husband,    Prince Rainier, terminated her artifidallife support system at noon, she    died that evening, at 10:35.    The autopsy apparently suggested that the princess suffered a minor    stroke while driving, leading her to lose control of the vehicle. And    while the exact circumstances of her death remain ambiguous, the ac­ I.3 Grace Kelly and Cary Grant in To Catch a Thief © Photofest    cident is hardly shrouded in mystery; the road from Roc Agel to    Monaco is dangerously steep, and everyone who knew her agreed that &quot;Adult&quot; motion picture actors--a community not generally known  Grace was a terrible driver. Nevertheless, like all similar accidents, the for their precautionary lifestyle-are particularly frequent victims of the Monaco crash has been the source of much speculation, rumor, and automotive exit. Recent death crash porn stars include among their il­ fetish-filled reveries involving Princess Stephanie, Prince Rainier, and a lustrious ranks Veronica Blue (2000), Krysti Lynn (1995), Tommy  shady character named Joseph di Mambro, the magus allegedly re­ Wilde (1994), Leo Ford (1991), and Tom Farrell (1993), who was killed sponsible for initiating Grace into a religious cult related to the Order by a hit-and-run driver while urinating by the side of the freeway. The  of the Solar Temple. 7 archetypal instance of the genre took place on October 3, 1979, when  Similar rumors, gossip, voyeuristic fantasies, private nightmares, con­ &quot;vivacious 29-year--old Playboy playmate&quot; Claudia Jennings was involved spiracy theories, and allegations of cryptic skullduggery surround most in a fatal accident on the Pacific Coast Highway. This is a stretch of road of the celebrity accidents analyzed in this volume. Compelled by an ele­ notorious for its car crashes as well as for its ghost sightings. According mental fear of powerlessness, the human mind seems unwilling to con­ to popular superstition, spirits are drawn to the water, and the Pacific template the idea of the pure accident--especially one whose victim is Coast Highway is the road at the end of the earth. If accident sites are young, popular, beautiful, talented, and protected by the necessary secu­ haunted by their casualties, then this must be an especially resonant site. rity that accompanies wealth, fame, and all the other trappings we have Perhaps the smell of death is buried in the surface of the road, just as ac­ come to associate with &quot;success.» As this volume testifies, many of us are cident scars are buried in the flesh.  haunted by the compulsion to apply categories and schema to all notions The number of celebrity car crashes stabilized during the 1980s and of randomness, to forge a science out of chaos and a taxonomy OUt of 1990s to about twenty-five to thirty per decade. Increases in the security probability. We regularly feel driven to discern that sense of rhythm and XXIV MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XXVproponion that we are convinced~rren despite ourselves-must lie be­ suddenly becomes a coffin, how befitting it is to see a cryptic revelationhind all purportedly accidental events. In fact, a number of somber reflected in the shattered windshield. Ate wrecked cars hieroglyphs, tran­philosophers, including Sigmund Freud, have observed that it is hu­ sitional objects that forge a link between the sensible world of logic andmanly impossible to come to terms with the enormous influence that the unknowable realm of the occult? Or are they just chunks of blood­chances and accidents have on our lives.  ied metal littering the road for a while? This insatiable impulse to make order of chaos seems to drive our ob­session with the most spellbinding car crash of the 1990s-the death ofPrincess Diana beneath the Pont dAlma in Paris on August 31, 1997. As      .... we all know, the princess was returning home in the early hours of the There are three periods during which accident victims die: the so-calledmorning mer dinner at the Ritz, when she, her companion Dodi Fayed,  golden hour (the first sixty minutes mer the erash), within hours of theand driver Henri Paul were killed when Fayeds Mercedes hit a pillar crash (sometimes because the wrong treatment was given at the scene),under the runnel and went into a deathly roll (see chapter 6 for a blow­ and over the following few weeks. Numbers in the first two categoriesby-blow account of this crash). Initially the princesss death was blamed have fallen radically over the last thirty years, partly because of improve­on the scurvy antics ofpaparazzi pursuers so rabid for a picture they were ments in car safety and partly due to a better understanding of emer­accused of opening the door of the crashed car-not to assist, but to re­ gency medicine. It is important to understand that most crash injuriesarrange the bodies for a more powerful shot. Later a second scapegoat  are caused not by the first collision (between the car and an external ob­was found in the figure of the cars driver, Henri Paul, especially mer it jeer), nor by the second collision (between the victims body and the in­was discovered he was over twice the legal limit for drunk driving and terior of the vehicle), but by the third collision: between the internalunder the influence of psychotropic medication.  organs and the walls of the body-injuries that orren can be reduced by Still, conflicting early reports of the accident have lerr enough ques­ the use of a safety belt. 8tions unanswered to breed plenty of puzzling rumors. Initial news broad­ According to Dr. Howard Burgess of the Cowley Shock Trauma Unitcasts stated only that Diana had a concussion, a broken arm, and cuts to in Baltimore, the patterns of car crash injuries are very predictable, gen­her thighs; how could this diagnosis have been so seriously wrong? Why erally bearing the imprint of a rigid surface encountered at high speed,did the ambulance carrying the princess take so long to travel the six miles with special impact to the legs and lower torso. (&quot;Many patients look liketo the hospital? How was it possible for a photographer to open the door somebody would look if they tried to commit suicide or jumped from aof the car in order to take Dianas pulse when rescue workers claimed she burning house. &quot;9) Medical understanding of such injuries has increasedhad to be cut from the vehicle? Did the doctor on the scene really ad­ rapidly since the development of the crash test dummy-although, tominister oxygen to the princess without recognizing her, as he claims? occasional press outrage, some scandalous European researchers still pre­These and other questions will always be compelling because merely to fer to get as close as possible to the real thing in their crash tests and con­ask them evokes the possibility, however remote, that Dianas death was tinue to use human corpses. 10pan of a narrative with purpose, order, and motive, not without prece­ Despite substantial improvements in emergency medicine and in thedent, not without order, and, most ofall, not without meaning. understanding of crash injuries, however, the hazard of any form of acci­ If an accident is something more than an accident, then what else  dent is an increasingly significant concern to people in the West now thatmight it be? How tempting and exciting it is to see the celebrity car crash most ofus are pretty much guaranteed seven or eight decades oflifu. &quot;Theas iconic-as ritual sacrifice, perhaps, or obscure triumph; an exercise in Accident has become a paradox of necessity,&quot; writes the Mexican poet, au­hermetic synchronicity or harbinger of a new age. When the automobile thor, and essayist Octavio Paz. &quot;It possesses the fatality of necessity and at XXVI MIKITA BROITMAN      INTRODUCTION XXVIIthe same time the indetermination of freedom.&quot;ll In other words, the ac­  not stop in time and crushed the Lopez vehicle, killing the whole fam­cident is a necessary property of any given system--of progress, move­ ily immediately.ment, technology, and speed. In his essay on J. G. Ballards novel Crash,  In this age of multimillion-dollar liability insurance, who knows howFrench philosopher Jean Baudrillard explains how the accident is simply many similar car crashes are deliberately staged? Researchers in the fieldanother form of order, like the order of the neurotic, the order of residue, of accident causation spend a great deal of time trying to work out howand the order of transgression. 12 But at the same time, the accident is out­ many crashes are due to accident insurance, which can be a very signifi­side any form ofhuman control, a fact that compels us to shroud it in su­ cant cause of accidents as well as a source of accident prevention. Andperstition and taboo. As paz explains, &quot;[a]ccidents are part of our daily life now that most cats come fitted with CD players, cell phones, and otherand their shadow peoples our dreams as the evil eye keeps shepherds enticing forms of electronic folderol, including the VCRs that are stan­awake at night in the little hamlets of Afghanistan.&quot;13  dard in many of the new-model sports utility vehicles, accidents caused In contemporary American culture, however, the nature of any form by in-car distractions are also on the increase. In September 1999 a caseof &quot;accident&quot; is particularly ambiguous because the term is so inextrica­ was reported in London where a woman heard her ex-husband crash hisbly bound up with the discourse of tort law and the jiggery-pokery of in­ car and die while they were in the middle of a nasty argument via mo­surance policy. &quot;Accidents&quot; in the legal sense always involve a civil wrong.  15     bile phone. Such an incident is probably far from unique.Indeed, in terms of the law, the &quot;accident&quot; is defined as &quot;negligence and As French media theorist Paul Virilio explains, &quot;every time that a newcausation for which one party is held responsible and liable for damages technology has been invented, a new energy harnessed, a new productincurred&quot;14-a definition heavily invested with notions of blame and ac­  made, one also invents a new negativity, a new accident.&quot;16 A good ex­countability that has application only within the strictures of a capitalist ample of this is the variety of new brands of fatal accidents made readilyeconomy. In one sense, however, the law is right: Most car &quot;accidents&quot; available by exciting new safety features like airbags (a quick way to suf­are actually the result of bad driving, alcohol, or faulty mechanics, and focate your kids or inflict chemical burns), steering wheel locks like &quot;Thecould easily be avoided. But unlike the phrase &quot;car crash,&quot; the term &quot;car Club&quot; (handy cudgels when a fit of road rage strikes), and power win­accident&quot; does not generally include a sense of blame, evoking instead a dows (lethal traps for childrens arms and necks). Automatic locking sys­metaphysical paradigm to describe the kind of random event that is pop­ terns also can prove nasty. A number of recent cases have been reportedularly attributable only to the caprice of destiny.  of children climbing into the trunks of new cars and suffocating when What term, then, should we use to describe the &quot;accident&quot; that turns the automatic latch lock is released. Four children trapped in the trunkout to be something else entirely-something more akin to theatrics,  of their mothers car died in a recent case in New Mexico, and in Saltinitiations, strange occult ceremonies, or lethal skullduggery? On April Lake City, five little girls suffocated when they all climbed into the trunk19, 1998, the New York Times carried the story of two men who admit­ of a car that a hysterical mother, searching for the missing kids, pro­ted a painstaking history of staging serious car crashes on interstate  ceeded to drive round for hours in the midday heat.highways to win insurance payoffs. The mens activities came to light And on July 22, 1997, in Maryland, an eighty-eight-year-old womanonly after they &quot;accidentally&quot; caused a crash that led to the violent death died in a 1995 sedan due to malfunctioning electric locks on the doorsof a family of three. Investigators said one of the defendants, driving a and windows. The woman was found dead in the driveway of her homeMercury Cougar, purposely slammed on the brakes so a truck would  with the words &quot;Help Me&quot; scrawled allover the car windows in lipstick.crash into it on the freeway in 1996. The truck hit the Mercury, forc­  {Had she recently been watching The Exorcist?} Investigators were unclearing a station wagon carrying Juan and Maria Lopez and their two-year­ how long the car had been parked in the driveway, but the outside tem­old daughter to stop behind it. A truck behind the family wagon could peratures were in the mid-80s and the woman had clearly suffocated. I? XXVIII MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XXIXAgain this was probably not an isolated incident; in 1999 a product lia­    crime. For those who prey on hitchhikers, the car itself may become thebility suit was filed against the Ford Motor Company for failing to install    crime scene, as it was for coed killer Ed Kemper, whose morbid story isa cooling device in its cars. IS    told by Michael Newton in chapter 12. For criminals like Kemper, the And consider the number of road &quot;accidents&quot; that turn our to be very     car is especially convenient, since it can later be cleaned up and re­clearly attributable to faulty vehicle manufacturing. Internal documents     upholstered (as in the case ofSS-IOO-X, the Kennedy Lincoln) or pushedgenerated within the Ford Motor Company-and leaked to the press in     gingerly into the swamp (like Marion Cranes Ford Fairlane in Psycho).the 1970s-made the shocking argument that it was cheaper to let acci­    Consequently, most of these stories involve satanic cults or gangsdent victims die from burn injuries (at $200,000 value of compensation     whose members drive around at night without headlights, and-in aper burn death) than to make improvements in the dangerous fuel tank    dangerous ritual of initiation-will follow and kill any thoughtful mo­system of the infamous Ford Pinto. Even knowing all the dangers of the    torist who flashes them. In some of the best-known urban legends in­fuel tank placement, Ford lobbied against a federal safety requirement    volving vehicles, the car conceals a killer or becomes the site of murder,that would have forced it to redesign the car. 19 Similar cases are reported    often not long after being the site of sexual activity-as always in suchon a regular basis by the media. Most recently, forty-six deaths and    stories, premature or extramarital coupling has nightmarish conse­eighty injuries have been attributed to a design defect in Firestones 16­    quences. If the car provides a secret haven for horny teenagers, it alsoinch tires that causes the tread to separate from the tire, sometimes at    contains a hiding place for serial killers. In &quot;The Hook,&quot; a psychos phal­high speed, causing blowouts and rollovers. Ironically, these particular    lic hand/hook is left hanging from the car door, broken off just in timetires are installed mostly on fashionable sports utility vehicles-which    when the girl insists that her boyfriend drive away. In &quot;Dont Lookthemselves are more prone to rollover than other vehicles because of their    Back,&quot; the abandoned girlfriend who cant resist turns around, like Lotshigher centers of gravity.    wife, to discover a madman crouched on the roof of the car beating on Such scandals probably have done much to fuel the number of con­    the metal with her boyfriends severed head. Other, similar stories featurespiracy theories and contemporary legends that involve vehicle manufac­    killers who conceal themselves in the bacheat of a womans car, hairy­turers and automobile design. These include the tale of the auto worker    handed hitchhikers, and ankle-tendon slashers who lie in wait underwho steals parts of a Cadillac bit by bit until he has the whole car, the parked vehicles.story that gas engines pollute as much as diesel (diesel just smells worse),     The car also crops up in a number ofsimilar contemporary legends in and the persistent rumor that the Volkswagen Beetle was designed by    which the consequences of inappropriate behavior in the automobile are Hitler (the peoples car may have been the FUhrers idea, but it was actu­    unforgiving. Most of these stories tell of bizarre accidents, such as the ally designed by Ferdinand Porsche). All these stories reflect an increasing    story of the schoolkid who sticks his head out of the bus window and is sense of individual isolation in the face of the enormous size, wealth, and    beheaded by a road sign. And the man who crashes into a toll booth power of gigantic corporations like Ford and General Motors.    while getting a blow job from his girlfriend, like the man who is shunted Other automobile-based urban legends seem to bespeak our fears    from behind while picking his nose at a traffic light, is crippled for lifeabout the anonymity of the driver and the difficulty in tracking down    by brain damage, not to mention abject humiliation.the faceless perpetrator of the hit-and-run. These fears have increased    Car crashes may be the most common link between death and thesince the easy availability of the car has made certain kinds of crimes    automobile, but there are many others. Vehicular death can take a vari­much easier to commit, especially kidnapping, rape, and abduction. In    ety of forms, and one of the designs of this volume is to see what hap­addition, a murder is much more difficult to solve when the body is con­    pens when the concept of the &quot;crash&quot; or &quot;accident&quot; is taken beyond itscealed in the car and then dumped some distance from the scene of the    usual limits to embrace the many other kinds of deaths that have been xxx MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XXXIenabled by the invention of the automobile. For example, the media­ tablishing the single-vehicle car accident as a deliberate method of sui­fashioned fad of &quot;road rage&quot;-an oblique reaction to increased traffic cide is a difficult empirical exercise. (See chapter 10.) Most vehicular sui­congestion over the last ten years-is statistically proven to be on the in­ cides, of course, are a lot less ambiguous. In Pennsylvania in July 1991,crease, and can be seen as a new kind of &quot;car crash.&quot;  the press reported a case of a very determined gent who, having failed to One particularly violent case of road rage was reported in the L.A.  kill himself by crashing his car, climbed out of the wreck and went door Times on January 15, 1998, when a mother and daughter became infu­ to door around the local houses asking for matches. He then returned toriated with the driver of a truck ahead of them. The two women chased his vehicle, set fire to it. and died as a result ofsmoke inhalation and car­the truck down the Golden State Freeway in Sylmer, taunting the driver bon monoxide poisoning. 20with obscene gestures and tailgating his vehicle, then chased it to the end Other would-be suicides elect more inventive uses for their vehicles. Inof an off-ramp and swung round in a U-turn to spray it with mud. But  Anchorage, Alaska, in July 1999. an exhibitionistic twenty-six-year-oldin turning to sideswipe their target, the womens car skidded and  murdered his mother. then committed suicide by rigging his car seat beltcrashed, causing the truck to stop abruptly and topple over on its side, around his neck and around a parking post and stepping on the gas. therebylanding on top of the womens car and cutting it in half. The two women  decapitating himself very efficiently.21 But forensic investigators also believewere killed instantly, as engine and body parts were strewn allover the that a number of less transparent suicides occur each year in the guise ofroad. &quot;I dont want to remember it,&quot; said the uninjured truck driver. re­ single-vehicle automobile accidents. especially among younger adultvealing ~ stoicism well suited to a lifetime in the slow lane. &quot;I just want males--generally the most self-destructive element ofany population.22to go on with my life like nothing happened.&quot;  Such &quot;accidents&quot; are therefore not accidents at all, but a positive af­ Unsurprisingly. road rage is most fashionable on American multilane firmation of voluntary death, like the carnage orchestrated by Robertfreeways, which have always been the most dangerous places to drive. Vaughan, &quot;the nightmare angel of the highways&quot; in J. G. Ballards Crash.The first such motorways were built in Germany in the 1930s under the Vaughan is a master of catastrophic ceremonies who charts connectionsdirection of the recently installed dictator, Adolf Hitler. On the very first between famous crash victims, explains events, and stages their ritualstretch of motorway, on the very first day it was opened, a German mo­ observances. Baudrillard describes such events as the &quot;residual bricolagetorist, Bernd Rosemayer. was killed in a car crash. In the former East of the death drive for the new leisure classes.&quot;23 These are the kinds ofGermany, many of the original autobahnen still survive, many of them &quot;accidents&quot; that, instead of being the exception to a triumphant ratio­old, poorly engineered, and dangerous to use. The safety record of U.S. nalism, show this rationalism for the manipulative fa~ade it really is.freeways is hardly much of an improvement, but then, it got off to a very Perhaps its no coincidence that Cadillac, the leading manufacturer ofbad start. In December 1940 the first U.S. freeway was completed in Los speedy convertibles in the 1940s and 1950s, was also the leading man­Angeles, and the opening ceremony accidentally included a near-fatal ufacturer of hearses.crash involving three carloads of officials.  And how &quot;accidental&quot; was the lethal design ofso many of the other Can we ever hope to understand what goes through the mind of the cars at this time? Many of those beautiful, extravagant automobilesfatal car crash victim? Interestingly enough, investigators have speculated built in the 1940s and 1950s had huge windshields that broke easilythat a certain percentage of the single-vehicle car crashes that happen and could sever jugular veins, upright metal steering columns ready toevery year may in fact be deliberate suicides, disguised as accidents either penetrate thoraxes, enormous steering wheels that could crush chests,because of the social stigma frequently attached to suicide or in order to protruding radio knobs that could enter skulls, and crazy suicidelet surviving relatives claim substantial insurance policies. Clearly, given doors that could spring open, spilling helpless bodies on to the con­the absence of a suicide note or verbal declaration of suicidal intent, es- crete. In one survey, two eminent doctors concluded that &quot;if one were Iii,H, XXXII MIKITA BROTIMAN!1,ii       INTRODUCTION XXXIII!Ijilllit to attempt to produce a pedestrian-injuring mechanism, one of the!I     from a troUey stepped right into the path of an overtaking car. Freud,!i&quot;i most theoretically efficient designs which might be developed would1.1    however, came to believe that there is really no such thing as an &quot;acci­ closely approach that of the front end of some present-day automo­     dent.&quot; In The Psychopathology ofEveryday Life, he makes the case that all biles.&quot;24 In his famous review of public-interest activist and corporate     accidents are the result of unconscious impulses or manifestations of the critic Ralph Naders radical critique of the auto industry Unsafe at Any     death drive, whose forceful effect made him rethink his theory of the Speed, urban researcher Lewis Mumford wrote that &quot;The [American]    pleasure principle. According to Freud, the death drive is the urge that car has been the result of a secret collaboration between the beautician    compels us to lean too hard against the stair rail we forgot was broken, and the mortician; and, according to sales and accident statistics, both    to get in the way of oncoming traffic, to stand right underneath a shaky have reason to be satisfied.&quot;25    light fixture, to take a bend too fast. In other words, we are all responsi­  Significantly, if the design ofa car can be unconsciously lethal, so too,    ble, albeit perhaps unconsciously, for the &quot;accidents&quot; that happen to us. according to psychiatrists, can the designs of its driver. Crash investiga­    Freuds theory suggests there are no such things as fortuitous colli­ tors have described the ominous notion of &quot;unconscious motivation to     sions, mishaps, or lapses of attention, only the forceful will of the death suicide,&quot; which apparently seems chiefly prevalent in relation to car     drive working in a deliberate way to a very definite end. &quot;Certain per­ crashes, because &quot;more conventional modes of suicide do not offer as     formances which are apparently unintentional,&quot; writes Freud, &quot;prove to dramatic an opportunity for the gratification of destructive and aggres­     be weU motivated when subjected to the psychoanalytic investigation, sive impulses&quot;26 (perhaps one way of explaining the disproportionate     and are determined through the consciousness of unknown motives.&quot;3o number of traffic deaths among drivers of red sports cars). In The Atroc­     &quot;The conscious motivation does not extend over all our motor resolu­ ity Exhibition,]. G. Ballard notes that &quot;[t]ests on a wide range of subjects    tions,&quot;31 and the errors of judgment, sudden impulses, unforeseen ex­ indicate that the automobile ... provides a focus for the conceptualizing    pressions, and symptomatic actions that lead to accidents, actes gratuites, of a wide range of impulses involving the elements of psychopathology,    and other fortuitous events are, in effect, the &quot;wishes and phantoms&quot;32 of sexuality, and self-sacrifice.&quot;27 In those cases where a suicidal motive is    the unconscious.]. G. Ballard agrees. &quot;Deep assignments run through all suspected, psychiatrists investigating the accident sometimes carry out our lives,&quot; he writes. &quot;There are no coincidences.&quot;33 what is known as a &quot;psychological autopsy&quot; to help determine the vic­     Looking at my own accident in retrospect, I must admit that there are tims state of mind at the time of the crash. One investigation concludes    a couple of seconds that dont really fit the time frame. There was defi­ that &quot;unconscious self-destructive impulses... are a major although    nitelya moment or two when I realized what was happening, when I saw covert factor in the etiology of certain automobile accidents, &quot;28 again,    the other car coming right at me at high speed. The police investigating  ... mainly those involving younger adult males. To claim that fatal car crashes can be brought about unconsciously is to    the tire tracks concluded that the other driver was responsible for the    crash but were curious why I hadnt at least attempted to swerve over to    the hard shoulder. I didnt have an answer. Was it the alcohol slowing    down my reaction time, or was there some more subtle reason? Was there    a possibility-however remote and unconscious-that I drove deliber­ seriously question the ontology of the accident. Cultutal theorist Marq    ately into those oncoming headlights? Did I, for some unknown reason, Smith29 has pointed out that Freud first begins considering the nature of need this accident to take place? the accident in 1886--0nly two years after the invention of the first au­    Now consider what would happen if the law were to take Freuds tomobile by German engineer Karl Benz. In America, the first recorded    reading of &quot;accidents&quot; on board. Blame could not be attributed to any­ car accident took place on September 13, 1888, when a man alighting    one except the accident victim, for unconsciously causing the accident to MIKITA BROTTMAN     INTRODUCTION XXXVXXXIVhappen. There would no longer be such a thing as compensation-or, if And ifaccidents can have motivations that are hidden to consciousthere were, it would have to be paid by &quot;victims&quot; to &quot;perpetrators&quot; (the reasoning, then crash victims may be closely connected, pileups may bedriver of the oncoming car or train, for example), for putting them  linked, and deaths on the road may be subtly orchestrated. This is thethrough the trauma of the accident. Perhaps, instead of saying that acci­ premise of]. G. Ballards Crash. In this apocalyptic novel, Vaughan un­dents &quot;happen to&quot; people, we should say that they &quot;happen by&quot; people. derstands that what seem to be random accidents actually work in har­After all, if there were no victims, there would be no accidents. If Freud mony and stand in a very significant relationship to one another. Carsis right, then we are all responsible for our own destiny, even if we end plowing in to one another on the same road, crashes taking place at theup wrapped around the guardrail.   same time or in the same place, have their own form of synchronicity, This is something thats not very easy to contemplate, particularly in without being causally connected. (Ballard charts a parallel between roadtodays ideological climate, where the most powerful position in society intersections and astrological signs.) Vaughan shows us how road acci­is that of the victim, and when non-Jewish minority groups have been dents, particularly those involving celebrities, have their own chaotic or­&quot;diagnosed&quot; by sociohistorians as suffering from a condition known as deredness. Instead of being random accidents, celebrity car crashes areHolocaust inferiority syndrome or, more plainly, Holocaust envy. Who revealed as deeply meaningful arrangements connected by a pattern ofwants to be responsible for their own actions when they could be a vic­ correspondence beyond space and time-a very special class ofevents or­tim of someone elses-a victim of inadequate parenting, or emotional chestrated by the choreography of contingency.abus~4? How would the victims of My Lai or Hiroshima feel about the notion that they themselves were responsible for the atrocities that &quot;hap­ pened to&quot; them?      .... On the other hand, of course, accidents can be &quot;explained&quot; in various On the subject of contingency, a couple of weeks after coming out of ways, generally involving the laws of science, physics, nature, and the hospital after my crash, I was involved in another road accident, al­ &quot;chance.&quot; Accidents also happen to creatures that dont have consciousness though one that was rather less serious than the first. While I was in the so cant possibly have an unconscious; cattle panic and trample one an­ hospital, my university-appointed lawyer, a shady and lecherous gentle­ other to death; crocodiles accidentally swallow their young. Still, there man named Mr. Bayram, had been visiting me regularly to discuss my might be other kinds oflaws guiding the path ofour accidents-principles insurance claim-which, incidentally, he never settled. Mr. Bayram unknown to existing systems of logic and rationalism. It has been sug­ kept promising that as soon as I was out of the hospital, hed take me gested that there may be a connection between the accident and the cre­ out for a celebratory round of gin and tonics. One Friday night not long ative impulse, between the &quot;random&quot; path of the chance event and the  after I had started walking again without the aid of crutches, this gen­ structure ofthe work ofart, whose understanding, like that ofthe accident, tleman called for me at my apartment and took me to a small seafood also depends on the accumulating effect of clues, allusions, and the pro­ restaurant about five miles from town, on the same road where Id had gressive growth of that sense of anticipation we have come to call &quot;mean­ my crash. ing.&quot; Philosopher, scientist, and conspiracy theorist Robert Anton Wilson After a huge meal of fried squid, he cracked open the much-discussed sees accidents in occult terms. To others, such as psychiatrist Jan Ehren­ Gordons, and it soon became clear that it was not just my legal case that wald in New Dimensions ofDeep Analysis, accidents are governed by defi­ interested him. A bottle of gin later, and I was helping him back to his nite laws, but laws that are not identifiable to the limits of science, car and trying to persuade him not to take his &quot;special romantic route&quot; consciousness, and nature. These are the same laws that apply to the struc­ back into town. Not surprisingly, he was far too drunk to be able to keep ture of the dream, to the neurosis, and to unconscious processes in general. the car in a straight line, and before we were even halfway home wed XXXVI MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XXXVIIcome straight off the road and were careering headfirst into a steep mud cide from carbon monoxide P9isoning, car bombings, drive-by shoot­ditch. Was this the &quot;romantic route&quot; Id heard so much about?  ings, hit-and-run incidents, freeway murders, road rage killings, drag­ When the truck finaUy arrived to tow us out, Mr. Bayram suddenly  ging deaths, and vehicular homicide.became terrified that his wife would get to hear about his little &quot;roman­ &quot;Something dead in the street commands more measured units of vi­tic adventure&quot; and persuaded me to squat down in the back of his car sual investigation than 100 Mona Lisas!&quot; affirms artist Robert Williamswhile he handed out fistfuls ofcash to keep the tow-truck guys quiet. By in his Rubberneck Manifesto. And hes right, as this volume amply testi­the time hed had a sheepish piss in the ditch and was back behind the  fies. Whatever their preferred form of conveyance, its clear that neitherwheel, it was pretty clear there would be no further discussion of acci­ princess, president, nor pope is immune from the hazards of vehicular  ... dents and even less talk of romance.In the West, the car has become a symbol of democracy, of individual    transportation. This collection pays homage to the way in which our ob­    session with death and the automobile manifests itself in an enormous    variety of cultural contexts, from the popularity of demolition derbies    and drag races to police high-speed chase videos and &quot;reality TV&quot; shows    like Pile-Up! In community life, the car crash victim has become a stylefreedom, and of the increasing independence enjoyed by the mass of the ofsaint, especially the child killed by a drunk driver, and commemoratedpopulation of the industrialized world. In the United States in particu­ by worshippers at a kitschy roadside shrine. In literature and film, crashlar-historically, a restless, mobile society-the automobile has always culture finds its apotheosis in David Cronenbergs dolorous adaptationbeen the most obvious index of individual prosperity and personal con­ of J. G. Ballards Crash. Ballards own exhibition of crashed cars fore­trol. But Americas wonder and worship at the glory of the automobile  grounded the possibilities of the accident site as art form: Car crashes areas a totem of change, speed, and technological progress has a grim un­ among the favorite subjects of artists Andy Warhol, Robert Williams,derside. No other civilian invention has such an enormous degree of car­ and Richard Hamilton. 35nage associated with its everyday use. Unlike Europe, much of the  Interestingly enough, each collision in what Ballard describes as &quot;theUnited States was constructed with the automobile in mind. Conse­ pantheon of auto-disaster victims,&quot; while reprising the archetypal pat­quently, the car has become as iconic to U.S. culture as the gun. If the tern of premature ending and violent sacrifice, has its own unique styleautomobile signifies wealth, movement, progress, and all that is vener­ and tone. Every accident has a different disposition, a special mood.ated in America, then vehicular death embodies its counterpart-that vi­ James Deans fatal epiphany on the road to Salinas feels passionate, cul­olent rage toward destruction that lies beneath the surface of the  tic, and legendary; the death of Albert Camus is slick, stylish, and in­proverbial &quot;pioneer spirit.&quot; If the car is the symbol of America, then the evitably existential. Suicidal excess and hysteria surround Jaynecar wreck is the nations bloodstained sarcophagus.  Mansfields terminal collision, while John F. Kennedys deathly proces­ The traditional kind of car crash, however, is only one of the many sion through the Dealey Plaza is full of enormous foreboding. Gracedifferent kinds of deaths associated with automobiles. This coUection of Kellys famous accident has left the road between Monaco and Roc Agelchapters has been compiled to investigate that bloodstained ground of surrounded in mystery and scandal, and that other princess, in her Pariscontemplation that opens up whenever the automobile is the cause, or  underpass, was transformed by a passionate and illustrious martyrdom.the site, ofa human death. As a result, the notion of the &quot;crash&quot; has been Consequently, one especially fascinating dimension-partly becauseopened up to help us understand how cars can be vehicles for destruc­ it is unanticipated--of this collection is the compelling variety of voicestion in all kinds ofdifferent ways, both accidental and deliberate. As well it contains. Since death by automobile takes such a wide variety of formsas the traditional kind of car crash, this collection includes cases of sui- and can be approached from so many different perspectives, each car ac­ XXXVIII MIKITA BROTTMAN      INTRODUCTION XXXIXcident detailed in this volume is the object of a very different kind of fas­ chapters in this collection are more conscious, more anxious, and morecination. Among the authors of the following chapters are doctors. fearful of violence than most people, which is one way of understandingpathologists, forensic scientists, film scholars, artists, coroners, cultural their engagement with it.theorists, a poet, a lawyer, a psychiatrist, a criminal anthropologist, an  In the firstsection of this book, &quot;Car Crash Contemplations,&quot; aurban ethnographer, a crime writer, and a passenger who cant drive. As group of writers and critics indulge in a series of ghoulish reminiscencesa result, each chapter takes a surprisingly different approach to its own and apocalyptic premonitions about particular deaths by automobileparticular case of vehicular destruction.  they have experienced, witnessed, or imagined. In chapter 1, &quot;Kar Krash For me, it is these variations in sryle and approach that make the fol­ Karma,&quot; the filmmaker and occultist Kenneth Anger presents a wonder­lowing collection of chapters so fascinating. To most people, the car ac­ fully voyeuristic and lascivious account of Hollywood crashes. As he ex­cident seems such a morbid and gruesome subject that the only  plains here, Anger has a particular fascination with cars and car crashes.acceptable way of approaching it is through the imperial voice of medi­ His sensual and romantic three-minute drag-racing movie Kustom Karcine or forensic science or the detached, rhetorical games of postmodern Kommandos (1965)-a fragment ofa much longer film-was made withcultural theory. This volume contains examples of both these sryles, but a $10,000 grant from the Ford Foundation. Kommandos exemplifiesalso includes many others, from the lyrical, philosophical, and self­ Angers interest in exploring fetishes-both his subjects and his own­reflective to the overtly lascivious and voyeuristic. This unsettling mix­ including the bodies of customized cars, as well as those of their cus­ture of voices forces us to question the culturally accepted ways in which tomizers. 36 In this brief but mesmerizing film, images of car wheelswe have become accustomed to discussing the car crash. Why, for exam­ function as mandalas, archetypal symbols intended to disturb customaryple, do we feel so much more comfortable with medical or forensic ac­ modes of perception. The movie is also a celebration of the homoeroticcounts of car accidents, even when they are full of rather gruesome and world of drag racing and its relationship to Hollywood history as well asexplicit details, as in most of the scientific chapters in this book? Why to gangster and cowboy myrhologies. (Witness Angers fascination withare we so uncomfortable with accounts that are gleeful, probing, and the cult ofJames Dean, the original cowboy drag racer. 37) In chapter 2,frankly lubricious? If there is a panicular rhetorical tone that has become poet A. Loudermilk indulges in a quiet. lyrical meditation on a spectac­more or less appropriate for the discussion of the car crash, then I hope ularly beautiful photograph that appeared in LIFE magazine in 1947; inthis book avoids it--or, at the very least, calls it into question. chapter 3 Adam Parfrey recalls a life-changing crash, and in chapter 4 Many people may find the subject matter of this book rather disturb­ urban ethnographer Eric Laurier considers the role played by the man­ing. It is very important to remember, however, that the fascination with gled remains ofcrashed cars in the social and cultural landscape. In chap­car crashes to which this volume attests-ghoulish though it may  ter 5, Willam Luhr relives a terrifying midnight accident, and in chapterseem-is essentially an attempt to confront some very deep-seated fears 6, writer Howard Lake gives us the view from the back seat.and anxieties. I believe there is a quasi-spiritual component to this com­ The chapters in the next section, &quot;Car Crash Crimes,&quot; are reproducedpulsion to immerse ourselves in the etiology of the car crash and the rit­ mainly from scientific and medical journals, such as Life Threatening Be­uals of sacrifice surrounding it-a compulsion that is resonant of some havior and the Journal ofForensic Sciences. As a result, these articles adoptvery archaic religious practices, including the worship of magic talismans the requisite tone of neutral objectiviry even when reporting the mostand the collecting of relics. If nothing else. the need to give the accident grotesque and outlandish events, their authors glee betrayed only in thesome kind of order-to make art out of violent death-is itself perhaps  occasional apt turn of phrase or playful title (&quot;The Love Bug,&quot; &quot;A Case no more than a superstitious need to assen (or to feign) control over the with Bear Facts&quot;). In chapter 7, two pathologists discuss an unusual ex­uncontrollable. I would also venture that most of the authors of the ample of a dragging death, and in chapter 8, Dr. Joseph Rupp gives us a 0_ _        &gt;,        ]        IIXL MIKITA BROITMAN       INTRODUCTION XLIbrief glance into the strange world of sexual relationships between dri­ Schneider writes about the crash that took the life of artist Jackson Pol­vers and their automobiles. Chapters 9 and 10 include a collection of lock, and in chapter 25 Derek Parker Royal reconsiders the critical rep­compelling case studies involving examples of homicide and suicide by utation of Albert Camus in light of his premature death. Forautomobile, and in chapter 11, a forensic anthropologist and a coroner  Darius in chapter 26, the wrecked car becomes a central conceit in aexplain why you should never go into the woods alone. In chapter 12,  piece that expertly juggles the two disparate events of celebrity ac­the final chapter in this section, Michael Newton brings the hard-boiled cidents and crucifrxion, and in chapter 27 Christopher Sharrett locatesstyle of the true crime writer to bear on the life of Californias Freeway the car crash as the center of a whole historical tradition of AmericanKiller, Ed Kemper.    blood ritual. Finally, in chapter 28 Gregory Ulmer proposes a new kind The third section of the book, &quot;Car Crash Conspiracies,&quot; features  of MEmorial project commemorating the roadside dead. This proposalfour very different studies. Philip L. Simpson, in chapter 13, is particu­ helps us to recognize that whether we drive regularly ourselves or JUStlarly interested in the politics and poetics that connect the deaths of travel as passengers or are mere pedestrians, all of us, both celebrity andPrincess Diana and Mary Jo Kopechne. In chapter 14, Jerry Glover uses  civilian, are potential victims of that most democratic, that most com­Paul McCartneys &quot;notional&quot; car crash as the springboard for an adven­ pellingly familiar instrument of execution: the automobile.turous jaunt into the Beatie-based mythopoeia of the 1960s and 1970s.Headpress editor David Kerekes considers the history of the &quot;papal con­      NOTESveyance&quot; in chapter 15, and in chapter 16, Pamela McElwain-Brown    1. Robert Young Pelton et al., The WOrUs Most Dangerous Places {HarperInfor­takes a very close look at the history of55-1 OO-X, John F. Kennedys fate­     madon, New York: 1997),172.ful presidential limousine.   2. The exhibition of famous peoples cars-especially &quot;death cars&quot;-is a phe­ The fourth section, &quot;Car Crash Cinema,&quot; is devoted to car accidents  nomenon worthy of further investigation, as are the ubiquitous urban leg­that appear on film, both fictional and, in some cases, real. In chapter  ends involving jinxed or haunted cars whose former owners committed    suicide. The car that once belonged to Ed Gein, the &quot;Wisconsin Ghoul,&quot;17, psychiatrist Harvey Roy Greenberg provides a close analysis of David    was exhibited around the Midwestern United States for a number of yearsCronenbergs controversial movie Crash. This is followed in chapter 18  during the 1950s.by a rather more apocalyptic reading of the movie by me and Christo­ 3. See, for example, Jan-Harold Brunvand, The Vanishing Hitchhiker: Americanpher Sharrett; in chapter 19, Tony Williams reconsiders Heart Like a  Urban Legends and Their Meanings (New York: Notton, 1981).     4. At least, according to a representative of the Tragedy in U.S. History Mu­Wheel, a critically neglected drag-racing movie, and in chapter 20 David seum in St. Augustine, Florida, which aucdoned off the remains of the carSterritt presents a close, thoughtful reading of one particularly fascinat­ (and fujled to find a buyer) when the museum closed down on April 4,ing car crash scene in Godards Contempt. Chapter 21 reconsiders those 1998. Other items in the sale included a bullet-ridden 1930 Ford said to    have belonged to Bonnie and Clyde, which sold for $1,900.much-missed Highway Safety documentaries that thrilled and terrified    5. One of these three children, Mariska Hargitay, is now a well-respected ac­high school kids in the 1950s and 1960s-films with titles like Red Pave­ tress in her own right. She apparently remembers very little about the crash.ment, Highways ofBlood, and (my personal favorite) Signal 30, which I 6. Steve Currie, another member ofT-Rex, died in a far less widely publicizeddiscuss at some length.   car crash in 1981, while vacationing in Portugal.    7. For full details of these a1legadons, see Secret Lives: Grace KeH.y (Channel 4, The books final section is entitled &quot;The Death Drive.&quot; Jeff Ferrell, in    U.K. December 21,1997); also David Carr-Brown and David Cohen, &quot;Thechapter 22, investigates the strange cult of roadside shrines, and in chap­ Mystery of Princess Grace and the Temple of Doom,» New fOrk Post, De­ter 23 Jack Sargeant looks at the role of the car crash in a selection of pop cember 28, 1997, 43. None of these allegations has been substantiated.hits from the 19605. Two very different investigations into the nature of Carr-Brown and Cohen claim that the cult into which Grace was initiated     was the OTS, but the OTS was not established until 1984, and Princessour obsession with celebrity death follow. In chapter 24 Steven Jay  Grace died in 1982. The authors seem to be confusing the OTS with a ~.w~r XUI MIKITA BROITMAN       INTRODUCTION XLIII  French esoteric order with a similar name, the Sovereign Order of the Solar     27. J. G. Ballard, &quot;The Atrocity Exhibition,&quot; Love and Napalm (New York:  Temple (OSTS), whose Grand Master, Jean-Louis Marson, was, in fuct, a     Grove, 1969). See also Crash (New York: Farrar, Strauss and Girowc, 1994).  Monaco socialite and friend of Prince Ralnier.  28. Seltzer and Payne, 240. 8. See John D. Graham, Autosaftty (Dover, Mass: Auburn House, 1989), 179.     29. Marq Smith, &quot;Wound Envy: Touching Cronenbergs Crash,&quot; Screen 40:2 9. Cited in Nicholas Faith, Crash: The Limits ofCar Saftty (London: Macmil­ (1999), 196.  lan, 1997),79.     30. Sigmund Freud, The Psychopathology ofEveryday Lift. trans. A. A. Brill (New  10. See, fur example, Mike Gardner, &quot;University Defends Its Use of Corpses,&quot; York: Macmillan, 1955), 149. Times Higher Education Supplement, March 12, 1993,6.  31. Ibid., 165.  11. Octavio Paz, Conjunctions and Disjunctions, trans. Helen R. Lowe (New 32. Ibid.  York: Viking. 1969), 112.     33. J. G. Ballard, footnote to Chris Petits novel Robinson (London: Cape,  12. Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation (Paris: Edition Galilee, 1981), 168. 1993), 14.  13. Paz, 111.     34. For a further discussion of this point, see Philip Rieff, The Triumph ofthe  14. Denis Peck and Kenneth Warner, &quot;Accident or Suicide? Single-Vehicle Car     Therapeutic: Uses ofFaith after Freud (New York: Harper &amp; Row, 1966).  Accidents and the Intent Hypothesis,&quot; Adolescence, 30, 18 (1995): 463.     35. Warhols &quot;White Burning Car III&quot; (1963) and &quot;Ambulance Disaster&quot; (1963)  15. London Evening Standard, September 14. 1999. In a somewhat different but     both contain repeated images of car accidents, the former prominendy fea­  not unrelated incident, Geraldo Rivera. when he still fronted his voyeuristic     turing a crash victim impaled dead on a nearby telephone pole. Richard  talk show, screened the murder of a police officer caught on a new in-car po ­     Hamiltons obsession with the automobile fInds its apotheosis in his devo­  lice video camera (with the grieving widow shown in the corner of the     tional painting Homage a Chrysler Corp. See also, by way of example, John  screen, so that audiences could watch her reaction as she witnessed the mur ­     Mintons Composition: The Death of James Dean (1957), Jim Dine, Car Crash  der of her husband for the fIrst time). See David Kerekes and David Slater,     (1935), Carlos Almaraz, Car Crash (1979), Robert Williams, Brodyin on  eds., Killingfor Culture (London: Creation, 1995), 128.  Feces (1988).  16. Paul Virilio, interviewed by Virginia Masden, &quot;Critical Mass,&quot; World Art,     36. See Dennis Conroy, &quot;Kustom Kenneth Kommando,» Release Print, Novem­  no. 1 (1995), 81.   ber 2000,22-40.  17. Associated Press. July 22, 1997.     37. During the making of Kustom Kar Kommandos, Anger managed to come by  18. Ben Schmitt, &quot;Negligence Case Posits Novel Theory,&quot; National Law Journa~     one of his own most treasured fetishes-a T-shirt that allegedly belonged to  no. 8 (1999),9.     a kid whod died in a car wreck. Apparendy there was a time in the late  19. Ralph Nader, Unsaft at Any Speed (New York: Grossman, 1972).     1960s when Anger often wore this oily, blood-covered talisman to all his so­  20. Philadelphia Inquirer, July 3, 1991.   cial engagements.  21. The victim was Jonathan Kyakwok, and the case was reported on  MSNBC.com on July 8, 1999.  22. See Peck and Warner; Carol Huffine, M.A., &quot;Equivocal Single-Auto Traffic  Fatalities,&quot; Lift-Threatening Behavior, no. 2 (1971), 83-95; A. PorterfIeld,  &quot;Traffic Fatalities, Suicide and Homicide,&quot; American Sociological Review 25  (1960), 897-901; Chester W. Schmidt Jr., M.D., John W. Shaffer, Ph.D.  Howard I. Zlotowitz, and Russell S. Fisher, M.D., &quot;Suicide by Vehicular  Crash,&quot; American Journal ofPsychiatry. no. 2 (1977), 175-178; Melvin L.  Selzer and Charles E. Payne, &quot;Automobile Accidents, Suicide and Uncon ­  scious Motivation,&quot; AmericanJournai ofPsychiatry. no. 119 (1962), 237-240.  23. Baudrillard, 168.  24. Cited in Faith, 35.  25. Cited in Faith, 39.  26. The automobile may also constitute a special enticement to the aggressive  and vengeful feelings present in many would-be suicides. In an accident, not  only is the automobile damaged or destroyed, but so is any object struck by  the automobile, human or otherwise&quot; (Selzer and Payne, 240).  Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Find us on Google+ Learn About Us About Careers Our Blog Press Contact Us Help &amp; Support Using SlideShare SlideShare 101 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright &amp; DMCA Community Guidelines SlideShare on Mobile Pro &amp; more Go PRO Enterprise Sales PRO Features Developers &amp; API Developers Section Developers Group Engineering Blog Blog Widgets &copy; 2013 SlideShare Inc. All rights reserved. RSS Feed 