   Activity name of this tag: Volvo CPO HomepageCreation Date: 06/29/2011  S60 S80 V60 XC60 XC70 XC90 C30 C70 Shopping Tools ▼ Sales &amp; Services ▼ Home Explore Volvo Your Volvo Innovations Global site search Search Find a Dealer Certified Pre-Owned Build Your Volvo Quick Quote Offers SALES Offers Accessories Sensus Connected Touch Certified Pre-Owned Search Inventory Overseas Delivery Fleet Sales The Volvo Collection Mobility Program Sound and Navigation Download a Brochure Volvo Certified Pre-Owned ,   Certified Pre-Owned cars from Volvo are in an entirely separate class of its own, with an enhanced warranty period and a demanding 130-Point Volvo Certified Inspection. A Certified Pre-Owned Volvo can make as much sense as a new Volvo. The Volvo Certified Pre-Owned Program has been ranked number one in the Premium segment by a leading automotive research company every year from 2008 – 2013, and we’ve been in the top three every year since 2001.     ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. Top Reasons to Make It Yours 1. 7-year/100,000-mile exclusionary CPO warranty* The Volvo factory-backed CPO warranty fully covers every part not specifically excluded: including the replacement or repair of thousands of components, systems and operations. You can also purchase additional coverage equal to 8-years/100,000 miles or 8-years/125,000 miles.. Download Certified Pre-Owned Warranty Brochure 2. NO deductible for CPO warranty visits That’s right – you won’t pay a dime for service visits covered by the CPO warranty. 3. Volvo Certified Comprehensive Inspection Vehicles are examined and road tested at more than 130 different points and components are repaired or replaced as needed. We check the exterior and powertrain, and even road test each vehicle. 4. Volvo On Call Roadside Assistance™ For even greater peace of mind, Volvo On Call offers these benefits for the length of the CPO warranty: free emergency roadside and towing service 24/7/365, trip routing map services, $5,000 car theft protection award, discounted car rental rates, and trip interruption coverage for a breakdown or traffic accident related to the CPO warranty that occurs more than 150 miles from home. 5. CARFAX Buyback Guarantee Every Volvo CPO vehicle is covered by the CARFAX Buyback Guarantee. We run a CARFAX Vehicle History Report to ensure that the vehicle has a clean title and that its odometer reading is accurate. If a severe problem title** reported by a DMV is later discovered, CARFAX will buy back the vehicle from you. 6. Volvo Genuine Service To keep your Volvo performing smoothly long after other cars would have given up, we offer: factory-trained technicians (including mobile technicians at participating retailers), expert inspection/evaluation, fixing the car right the first time, Volvo diagnostic equipment and special tools, and genuine Volvo parts carrying a 12-month warranty. 7. Strict eligibility rules It takes a special kind of Volvo to even be eligible for our CPO program: it must be the current model year or no more than 6 years old (e.g., in 2013, eligible model years are 2008-2013), its mileage must be 80,000 miles or fewer, it must have a “clean” CARFAX Vehicle History Report, and it must be reconditioned to meet all Volvo Certified Comprehensive Inspection standards. 8. Higher standards Every CPO vehicle is reconditioned to meet Volvo’s safety, performance and appearance standards according to our comprehensive 130+ point inspection. And, each vehicle is covered by a solid CPO warranty. 9. Award-winning value The Volvo Certified Pre-Owned Program has been ranked among the top three in the luxury segment by an independent automotive information company every year since 2001. Plus, you can opt for extended protection for your Certified Pre-Owned Volvo which includes extended protection of your Volvo Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Coverage out to 8 years and up to 125,000 miles.    This is available to owners of Volvo Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles with one month and 1,000 miles of the Volvo Certified Pre-Owned warranty remaining.  Contact your local Volvo retailer for details . Find a Certified Pre-Owned Volvo To visit our Certified Pre-Owned Search Tool and find the Certified Pre-Owned Volvo that's right for you, simply click here . Click here to view the Volvo CPO brochure. * Calculated from the in-service date and zero miles. ** A &quot;problem title&quot; is a passenger motor vehicle ownership document issued by any of the 50 states of the U.S. (or the District of Columbia) that bears words or symbols signifying that the vehicle was: junked or salvaged; rebuilt or reconstructed; flood damaged; disclosed as damaged; bought back by its manufacturer; odometer exceeds mechanical limits; odometer was not actual mileage; or any other symbol or word signifying a similar problem. IntelliChoice ® , Inc., www.IntelliChoice.com , October 2010 review of 32 manufacturer programs.  See www.IntelliChoice.com for additional details, explanation of results and program updates. © 2013 Volvo Cars of North America, LLC Follow us: Share: Contact Us Careers Privacy Copyright Site Map Get News From Volvo Update My Contact Info AdChoices Email Please complete the highlighted fields Your name * Your friend's name * Your email address * Your friend's email address * Message Send  Sending message Send again   