[if lt IE 8]><script type="text/javascript">jQuery("body").addClass("browser_ie7");</script><![endif] HubPages explore sign in join now help Loading... Selling Vehicles The first thing you should do when selling a car is determine the price for your vehicle. You should check the Kelley Blue Book so you know the true market value of your car. If you plan to trade in your car to a dealer when you buy a new car you will almost certainly get less money than if you sold it privately. If you choose to sell your vehicle privately there are a variety of options available. You can list it in a classified ad in a local paper or on a website such as craigslist. You can post flyers on local bulletin boards or in colleges. Word of mouth is always good. Tell everyone you know about your car. Be careful about companies that advertise that they buy vehicles. These are usually only a good idea if you need to sell your car very quickly. You can probably do better if you have the time to wait. Explore &raquo; Autos &raquo; Buying and Selling New and Used Cars &raquo; Selling Vehicles Selling Vehicles Featured Hubs 8 How To Have A Successful Career Selling Cars. Can I Earn A Living Selling Vehicles? How Do I Learn The Best Way to Sell by Arthur Fontes ( 185 followers ) The more you know about the person you are trying to sell a car too. The greater your chance at making the sale. People have triggers that are their buttons to push to make the deal. 14 Training a Rookie Car Salesman. How Do I Learn How To Sell Cars? What Does A Car Salesman Need To Know? by Arthur Fontes ( 185 followers ) So you want a job selling cars but you are not sure if you have what it takes. Depending on your circumstances the job of selling cars can be very rewarding or it could turn into one of your lifes biggest nightmares. 9 How To Use The Four Square System Sales Worksheet To Sell Cars. Car Salesman Training, Closing Techniques! Foursquare! by Arthur Fontes ( 185 followers ) What is the foursquare system? How is it used to sell cars? Can I learn the to use the four square system? 2 Free Printable Car For Sale Sign by albatrossk Used cars are selling for much more these days then they used to. In tough economic times people are looking for quality used vehicles and foregoing new car purchases. This is good news for people who want to sell their cars privately. One of the... 4 How to Quickly Sell a Car on Craigslist by LauraGSpeaks ( 131 followers ) The key to selling your car quickly on Craigslist is to establish a good selling price, clean your car and write an accurate, descriptive ad. 0 How to dramatically improve your car's appearance before selling. by Pablomx Time for an upgrade? Need to sell your beloved car? Whatever the reason, you want to get the most cash possible for your beloved vehicle, here's a little guide that will help you achieve just that. 6 Steps to Selling an RV by rvsource ( 80 followers ) There is a sale made every time a customer comes through your door. Either you sale them on why, or they sell you on why not. The customer is often the better salesman. To become an effective salesperson on top of his or her game, they must follow... 0 Five Tips for Selling a Damaged Car by Victoria Trix ( 202 followers ) Do you have a damaged car you would like to sell but not sure how to go about getting that done? Of course you don&rsquo;t want to sell it for a rock bottom price but you do want to be fair. 4 5 Top Tips For Selling Your Old Car by skinnaz ( 7 followers ) With the market for used cars ever increasing it may be seen that it is getting harder and harder to sell your old car. However, this article will give you five tips for increasing your sales chances 6 Tips on Selling a Car on Craigslist by bmguy621 ( 14 followers ) Selling a car on craigslist can be a tough thing to do. This article tries to give some tips to help you ensure that you sell your car in your time frame, at your price, and safely. Learn tips to help you sell a car on Craigslist.org. 2 4 Square Sales Presentation: GOOD or BAD? by rvsource ( 80 followers ) Let's face it. Those of us in sales are looking for one thing...SALES! Right? Professional salespeople today have to work harder in order to make a sale. Customers are smarter and the internet is available to everyone. Almost every customer that... 2 Tips for Selling a Car Privately by tcstix ( 53 followers ) Learn some excellent tips for selling a car privately so that you get the most that you can for your vehicle and so that it sells quickly. 2 Sell your crappy car on Ebay by Dogwater13 ( 1 follower ) Selling a car on Ebay is like selling beer. The people who want one are going to seek it out, but there are hundreds of places to get a beer. It's not the beer you're selling, it's the experience. 0 How to transfer a motor vehicle / cycle through the new computerized Uganda Revenue Authority System. by sharingknowledge ( 40 followers ) The beginning of July 2012 saw a new era with everything being migrated from manual to a whole new computerized system where for all.. 10 Best places to advertise your used car for quick sell by Treasuresofheaven ( 484 followers ) Used cars are in demand. Car owners are keeping their cars longer. Learn how to sell your used car for a quick sell. Earn a profit from selling your used car. 0 Best Way to Sell a Used Car or Truck Yourself by BarryBevis ( 32 followers ) Trying to sell your used car or truck yourself is not a pleasant experience especially when it involved dealing with potential buyers with weird requests. It may sound simple, such as posting an ad on several classified web sites and car owner... 0 Car Sales Tips 2012 by Joshua Falls Today's Market We are now in the year 2012 and thousands of people across the country will be making their living in car sales. They may be brand new, experienced or a veteran but in the end all that matters is how many units they sell. Sales make... 0 NO TITLE= NO PROBLEM by GetJunked.Com Almost all JunkCar Removal ads feature the No Title= No Problem slogan. In NY or NJ this istrue providing your vehicle is more than 8 years old and you have a validdriver&rsquo;s license, a copy of the registration and a copy of your insurance... 5 Top Five Things to Look at When Buying a Used Car by TheUsedCarGuy Buy a used car is tough when you don't know what to look for. Here are 5 things to consider before purchasing a used vehicle. Read this article to avoid the usual pitfalls car buyers make. 0 How to dispose off your car and get cash the same day. by SellMyCarforCash All junked, wrecked and used cars in any condition can be sold. You can get a good deal and swift payment if you follow a process. 4 How to Prevent Ghost Posting on Craigslist by swarren22 ( 29 followers ) Ghosting is a process that Craiglist uses to prevent spammers from using their system for nefarious activity. By putting certain checks and balances in place, Craiglist can ensure that unscrupulous activity is avoided and the average consumer of... 0 When a Car Scrap Company Is Your Only Viable Choice by eurozulu ( 4 followers ) When to have the car or van scrapped, what you should consider. 7 Beware of Craigslist's Scammers! by tarkishat ( 71 followers ) Okay, so now I will tell you my experience with a Craigslist Scammer. My boyfriend and I need a car, so after going to multiple car lots with ridiculous prices for lemon cars I decided to just try out craigslist.com. Why not try out craigslist.com,... 5 Free Places to List Your Car Online by albatrossk Lots of people are listing their cars online. This is a great thing, as you can reach a much greater audience this way. Not everyone knows where to list their car. Most people only know about craigslist.org. For what it is, it's a great site. There... 0 What is the Resale Worth of the Chevrolet Corvair Today? by perrya ( 487 followers ) 1965 convertible 1967 coupe Selling any classic car poses a dilemma to the seller and in most every case they seldom make a lot of profit. However, one can earn thousands of dollars by buying the car cheap and restoring it to its prime by... 0 How to recover diminished value in Florida. by chrisj135 When your vehicle is an accident, it incurs a loss of value, even after it is properly repaired, which is known as diminished value or diminution in value. Most states, including Florida, recognize the right of a vehicle owner to recover the... 4 Cash For Junk Cars, Trucks, Motorcycles by cashforjunksoflo In tough economic times everyone is looking for ways to turn their old unwanted junk into money. Lets say you have a old car sitting in your back yard that is no longer running. Why not turn that old junk car into some cash. Even the government has... 0 Cash for Cars Seattle by junkcarguys If you live in Seattle Washington, then you know that many many years ago if you had a car you had to get rid of the only way to do so was by paying a tow driver to come and tow it away to get taken to the junker. That sucks! If your car broke down,... HubPages about us help blog link to this page copyright directory Copyright &copy; 2013 HubPages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved. Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners. HubPages &reg; is a registered Service Mark of HubPages, Inc. terms of use privacy policy (0.07 sec) working 