 [if IE 6]><div class="ie6"><![endif]  My AutoTrader:   Sign in Sign up   Sign in with    Facebook    Error. Try again later.   Save cars, searches & time. Always FREE! [if IE 6]></div><![endif] Find Cars for Sale Car Research Sell Your Car Trade In Your Car Find Local Dealers Loans Insurance Get Prices & Reviews Compare Cars Car Reviews & News Explore by Lifestyle New Cars Certified Cars Used Cars Credit Center  2014 Chevrolet Corvette Convertible: Geneva Auto Show   Soft-top version of the new C7 Corvette Stingray Weight-saving materials throughout 450-horsepower V8 and 7-speed manual Remotely operable top Chevy chose the Geneva Auto Show for the world debut of its newest sports car, the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Convertible . The automaker resurrected the Stingray moniker for the seventh-generation, or C7, model when the 2014 Corvette Coupe made its debut earlier this year at Detroit. But it was in Europe that an international crowd got its first look at the latest ragtop 'Vette. The new convertible Corvette was designed and engineered simultaneously with the coupe. That allowed Chevy to create a convertible that doesn't suffer from the same weight penalties that often burden open sports cars developed from existing coupes. The automaker says no additional structural bracing is necessary in the Stingray Convertible. The only changes from the coupe are different seat belt anchor points and adjustments necessary to house the folding fabric roof. Without providing specific weight specifications, Chevy noted that the new Corvette Stingray Convertible boasts almost the same power-to-weight ratio as the coupe version. It's powered by the same 450-hp 6.2-liter V8, so it stands to reason that the convertible isn't too much heavier than the coupe. Chevy relies on a long list of high-tech, low-weight materials to achieve lightness. An aluminum frame replaces the C6's steel frame and improves rigidity too. A carbon fiber hood and composite fenders, doors and rear quarter panels also keep weight down, as do magnesium frames for the Corvette Convertible's seats. The power-operated soft-top features 3-layer construction and includes a glass rear window to reduce noise and improve passenger comfort. The top can be lowered using a button on the key fob. While driving, it can be lowered or raised at speeds up to 30 mph. The convertible Corvette hasn't always come second to the coupe. In fact, the first-generation Corvette, which was built from 1953 until 1962, was exclusively a soft-top car. It wasn't until the famous split-window 1963 model debuted that Chevy even offered a closed-roof version of its celebrated sports car. But now, Corvette lovers expect one of each. And with this latest debut of the Stingray Convertible, Chevy delivers. What it means to you: Bringing back the Stingray name, the seventh-generation Corvette is joined by the soft-top 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Convertible. Chevy hasn't announced pricing yet, but details are coming; the new 'Vette arrives in showrooms later this year. See all Geneva Auto Show News Nick Palermo is an automotive writer and lifelong car nut. He follows new and late-model used vehicles for AutoTrader.com, writes about vintage cars for Hemmings Classic Wheels and blogs on all things automotive at LivingVroom. He lives in Atlanta with his wife and twins. Related Articles &amp; Car Reviews  Convertible Deals: April 2013    We've listed our favorite convertible deals for shoppers eager to take advantage of the coming spring and summer.  Read more   2014 Chevrolet Corvette: Detroit Auto Show - Video    The 2014 Chevy Corvette Stingray stole the show this year in Detroit.  Read more   2013 Detroit Auto Show: Top Performance Cars - Video    Check out the coolest new performance cars from this year's Detroit Auto Show.  Read more   2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray: Detroit Auto Show    The seventh-generation Corvette is lighter, faster, and more powerful -- and it's officially here.  Read more   2013 Chevrolet Corvette: New Car Review    It's more than just good old-fashioned American muscle. It's one of the best high-performance values in the world.  Read more See all articles and car reviews  Find Cars for sale near you: Make Any Make Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Datsun DeLorean Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Freightliner Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Yugo ZIP Next  Advertisement Research by Vehicle Type   Shopping Tools  Build & Price your 2013 Chevrolet Corvette  Get Prices Photos and Reviews for the 2013 Chevrolet Corvette   Save time and money with the New Car Buying Guide Compare the 2013 Chevrolet Corvette with these competing Coupes:  Compare Coupes  For Sale on Autotrader.com Change ZIP  Please enter your ZIP to see local prices and listings near you.  Submit  Browse Cars for Sale Browse Special Offers Search for Car Dealers Browse Car Dealers Sell a Car Help Fraud Awareness Car Research New Cars Used Cars Certified Cars New Car Models Car Model Information AutoTrader.com Mobile About AutoTrader.com Press Room Jobs at AutoTrader.com Contact Us Become an AutoTrader.com Dealer Corporate Information Site Map By using this service, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement . Privacy Statement. AdChoices &copy;2013AutoTrader.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved."AutoTrader.com" is a registered trademark of TPI Holdings, Inc. used under exclusive license.  Become a Fan of AutoTrader.com on Facebook  Follow AutoTrader.com on Twitter  See AutoTrader.com Videos on YouTube  AutoTrader.com on Google+  Search Ignite BEGIN click tracking script version 4.0 A tracking tag provided by 360i http://www.360i.com/ Fires on page load 