 Skip to search.  New User? Register Sign In Help Get new Yahoo! Mail apps Notifications Help Mail My Y! Yahoo!  Yahoo! Directory  Search Search Web  Cars & Autos Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory &gt; Recreation &gt; Automotive  CATEGORIES ( What's This? ) Types of Cars Makes and Models (2454) Additional Categories Accessories (29) Alternative Fuel Vehicles (211) Auto-Free Transportation@ Booksellers@ British Cars (37) Buses@ Business to Business@ Buyer's Guides (80) Car Art@ Charitable Vehicle Donation (5) Chats and Forums (41) Classic Cars (129) Classifieds@ Clubs and Organizations (144) Concept Cars (17) Dormobiles (5) Driving (159) Dune Buggies (13) Electric Vehicles@ Emissions (17) Employment@ Engineering@ Events and Shows (67) Famous Cars (18) Financing (16) Four Wheel Drive (61) Hearses (7) History (54) Humor@ Industry Information@ Kit Cars (21) Lemon Law@ Licensing and Registration (77) Lowriders (31) Maintenance (32) Microcars (8) Model Cars@ Motorcycles (774) Museums@ News and Media (126) Petroliana@ Police Vehicles@ Racing@ Recreational Vehicles@ Shopping and Services@ Software (2) Special Needs@ Sport Utility Vehicles (40) Station Wagons (17) Theft@ Travel@ Trucks (45) Vans (21) Web Directories (15) Women (8) Wrecks (6) SITE LISTINGS By Popularity | Alphabetical ( What's This? ) Sites 1 - 20 of 64 Autoblog [ read review ] A continually updated source for car news. www.autoblog.com Fuel Economy Site Includes information on fuel economy for cars and trucks, and tips on how to optimize mileage. From the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. www.fueleconomy.gov Jalopnik [ read review ] Showcasing new designs and technologies in the automotive industry as well as the gadgets and accessories that enhance the driving experience. www.jalopnik.com Yahoo! Autos Comprehensive resource to buy, sell, and research new and used cars. See new car prices, pictures, specs, reviews, and more. Compare cars, and search used car listings near you. autos.yahoo.com Supercars: Past and Present The world's most exotic, rare, and fast automobiles. Sports car galleries, wallpapers, and forums. www.supercars.net Auto Channel, The With racing, consumer information magazines, chat, and more. www.theautochannel.com MSN Autos Includes tips, news, articles, and information on finance, insurance, warranty, and more. autos.msn.com NetCarShow.com Large database of car pictures and wallpapers sorted by make, year, and model. Find classic and current car pictures. www.netcarshow.com MotorCities.com Includes pictures, discussion groups, and classifieds. www.MotorCities.com TheSuperCars.org Blog featuring articles about some of the fastest and most expensive supercars that are on the market. www.thesupercars.org Ultimate Car Page Showcases classic and modern cars with pictures, spec, user comments, and more. www.ultimatecarpage.com Fast-Autos.net Offers photos and specifications for many performance cars. www.fast-autos.net RSportsCars.com Includes picture gallery of sports cars, wallpapers, technical specs, and car tuning and styling information. www.rsportscars.com CleanMPG An online community to help you learn how to raise fuel economy and lower emissions no matter what you drive. www.cleanmpg.com Wikipedia: Sports Car Wikipedia's definition of what makes a sports car, touching on performace, layout, and examples of both classic and new sports cars. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sports_car Fantasycars.com Features photos of BMWs, Corvettes, Dodge Vipers, Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches, and other exotic cars. www.fantasycars.com Supercarsite.net Includes a gallery of pictures, make and model information, specifications, and wallpapers of fast and exotic sports cars. www.supercarsite.net TintDude.com Offers aftermarket window tinting information and message boards, helpful to the consumer and tinter alike. www.tintdude.com 40mpg.org Working to make 40 miles per gallon the fuel-efficiency standard for all automobiles and other vehicles in the U.S. www.40mpg.org TheAutoLog.com A community of car enthusiasts and automotive-related business owners who create profiles, meet friends, and share experiences. www.theautolog.com  1 2 3 4 Next Cars & Autos Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory &gt; Recreation &gt; Automotive Web | Directory | Category Help us improve the Yahoo! Directory - Share your ideas 