   26&#176;C Â  Partly cloudy Ottawa Detailed Forecast Â  Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Email Alerts canada.com network Newspapers National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix  Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen The Gazette (Montreal)  Ottawa Citizen Division of Canwest Publishing Inc. div class="logo"><h2><a href="/sports/2010wintergames/index.html"><span> 2010 Wintergames</span></a></h2></div Quick Links: Shopping , Obituaries , Horoscopes  Search  Home News In News Home Ottawa &amp; Area City Hall Observer Canada World The Blotter Weather Watch Traffic Guide Around Town Diplomatica Opinion In Opinion Home Letters Columnists Editorials Op-Ed Blogs Submit Letters Business In Business Home Money Markets on FP Mortgages Watchlist Energy Sports In Sports Home Hockey OttawaGolfing.ca Senators Extra Football Baseball Basketball Golf Auto Racing High School Sports Tennis Soccer Arts In Arts Home Style Movies Television RBC Bluesfest 2013 Event Listings TV Listings Music Books Celebrity Capital Cappies Life In Life Home Style Real Deal Health Fashion &amp; Beauty Food &amp; Wine Parenting Relationships CitizenCycle Faith &amp; Ethics World of Birds Life Story Upbeat Diversions - Comics &amp; Games The Royals Technology In Technology Home Personal Tech Gaming Tech-Biz Internet Space Travel In Travel Home Trip Ideas Tools &amp; Tips Destination Guides Travel Shots Top 5 Health Health Home Women Men Family & Child Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Jobs In Jobs Home Post Jobs Top Employers Cars In Cars Home New Kijiji Autos Classifieds Sell Research &amp; Compare News &amp; Events Videos Features Homes In Homes Home For Sale/Rent Real Estate Renovating Decorating Gardening Vacation Homes Mike Holmes Classifieds In Classifieds Home Personals Obituaries Announcements Vehicles Real Estate Rentals Jobs Pets For Sale Shopping Place an Ad FlyerCity Don't miss: Citizen Store Digital Lounge Ebooks Style Ottawa Golfing Kids Camps Weather Watch Videos FlyerCity Shopping Â  Â»   Arts Â  Miley Cyrus does the twerk Â  Â  The aftermath of Sunday&#8217;s MTV Video Music Awards arrived with a few more people Googling the phrase: &#8220;What is twerking?&#8221; It&#8217;s been a popular search all summer, ever since Miley Cyrus, America&#8217;s former teen sweetheart, decided her pathway to chart-topping success involved doing freaky things with stuffed animals and gyrating her booty at high speeds. Â  3 hours ago Video: Highlights from the MTV VMAs Video: Will Smith's family Reacts to Miley Cyrus 2013 (HD) (VMA 201  Â  The scout with no name Â  Artists correct the &#8216;insult of anonymity&#8217;as part of exhibit inspired by the sculpture Â  Â  Jedis rejoice: Star Wars Identities exhibit extended Â  If you haven&#8217;t had a chance to experience the force at the Canada Space and Aviation Museum, there... Â  Â  Fall film preview: Sequels, biopics and Ron Burgundy among seasonâ&euro;&trade;s faves Â  It&#8217;s the best of times and it&#8217;s the most Robert De Niro of times. The fall season &#8212;... Â  Â  Photos: 40 must-see fall films Video: Latest movie trailers Photos: Fall TV 2013-14 At the movies in 2013: 22 films you wonâ&euro;&trade;t want to miss A fall harvest of new broadcast TV shows, but how many will viewers want to spend time with? Â  There's something antiquated about the custom long known as the Fall TV Season. Â  1 hour ago Â  '42' actor Chadwick Boseman to play James Brown in long-planned biopic Â  After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try another icon: James... Â  4 hours ago Â  More muscles than sense Â  On the afternoon of Nov. 15 1994, Adrian Doorbal, a weightlifter with a penchant for extreme violence... Â  Â  Cinematographer Gilbert Taylor, known for Star Wars and Dr. Strangelove, dies at 99 Â  Gilbert Taylor was a master of black and white and a master of different universes. Â  Â  Lucas invests $10M in Starbucks How Disney retains its magic after 90 years 'Is this the end of film?' Selena Gomez chides reporter who asks what Taylor Swift said at the VMAs Â  LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction ... Â  3 hours ago Â  Dan Zanes teams up with Elizabeth Mitchell to create music for toddlers and their parents Â  NEW YORK, N.Y. - Dan Zanes and Elizabeth Mitchell had only been playing for about 10 minutes when the... Â  3 hours ago Â  'Paradise Valley' top album on iTunes in Canada Â  iTunes in Canada top 10 for the week ending Aug. 25. Â  3 hours ago Â  'The Great Gatsby' among DVD releases for Aug. 25-31 Â  A look at some DVDs scheduled to be released in the weeks ahead. Â  Â  'Hail to the King' by Avenged Sevenfold among new CD releases for the week of Aug. 27 Â  Here's a list of some new CD releases for the week of Aug. 27: Â  Â  Short list of final four nominees announced for Aimia AGO Photography Prize Â  Four photographers &#8212; including a Canadian expatriate &#8212; have been announced as finalists ... Â  Â  'We Can't Stop' remembering Miley Cyrus' MTV Video Music Awards performance (with photos, video) Â  Suddenly, the MTV Video Music Awards are all about Justin Timberlake. Â  3 hours ago Â  Video: 'N Sync, Timberlake rule at MTV VMAs Video: MTV VMA fashion - Animal prints and feathers Video: MTV VMA fashion - Animal prints and feathers Video: MTV Awards - 'N Sync, Timberlake rule at MTV VMAs Video Warning Graphic Content: Topless Protest in Vancouver Justin steals the night (with video) Photos: 40 hottest photos from the MTV Video Music Awards Photos: â&euro;&tilde;N Sync returns at the MTV VMAs MTV Video Music Awards shaping up as Justin Timberlake's night Miley Cyrus makes Lady Gaga look tame during MTV Video Music Awards opener (with photos) Photos: Stars pack the red carpet at the MTV VMAs Video: Unpublished photos of sex symbol Marilyn Monroe for sale Video: Hulk Hogan Sex Tape Incredible RCMP video: Motorcycle hits bear, crashes more entertainment headlines &raquo; Upcoming Events Events Listings Search our database for upcoming events around Ottawa more Â» Â  Summer Festivals A listing of major festivals in Ottawa this summer. more Â» Â  Aug. 22-29: Best Bets Our pick of events for the week of August 22 to August 29, 2013. more Â» Â  Aug. 22-29: Art exhibits Art exhibits and shows across Ottawa for the week of Aug. 22 to 29, 2013. more Â» Comments ( ) Week Ahead: events for the week of Aug. 25 to 31 Concerts: Aug. 22-29 Â  Aug. 22-29: Concerts Concerts, musical events in and around Ottawa for the week of Aug. 22-29. more Â» Comments ( ) Week Ahead: events for the week of Aug. 25 to 31 Art exhibits: Aug. 22-29 Â  Until Aug. 28: Photos: World Press Photo Contest 2013 Winning photos from the World Press Photo contest 2013 will be exhibited at the Canadian War Museum ... more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Reviews Gomez Concert Review: Selena Gomez pleases tween crowd with poppy, peppy show Selena Gomez Reviewed Thursday, Aug. 22, 2013 more Â» Comments ( ) Photos: Selena Gomez at Canadian Tire Centre Â  Review: British comic Russell Brand sticks to what sells in Ottawa show British comic Russell Brand sticks to what sells in Ottawa show more Â» Comments ( ) Photos: Russell Brand's 20 best quotes Â  Festival review: Crowd triples for Calabogie blues bash Calabogie Blues and Ribfest Reviewed Aug. 16, 17 and 18 more Â» Â  Review: Angela Hewitt finds hidden depths in didactic score No one knows for sure what instrument Bach had in mind when he wrote his monumental Art of the Fugue... more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Trumpets a fun finale for the 20th Chamberfest Here we are with the 20th Chamberfest just a memory, albeit a fresh and happy one. more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Chamberfest Review: No words do justice for Ehnesâ&euro;&trade; sublime Bach Chaconne Sublime? No, that&#8217;s not the word. In fact, is there a word that can begin to do justice to James... more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Chamberfest Review: New music interesting but not easy listening There were three concerts of about an hour each Monday afternoon (and there will be another three on... more Â» Comments ( ) Â   more &raquo;  New Season Submit your cultural listings for The New Season The Citizen&#8217;s annual arts supplement covers music, theatre, visual, dance, film and book events... more Â» Â  Television Tuesday on TV: King &amp; Maxwell is welcome escapism For all its high-tech trappings - the modern-day Washington, D.C., setting, the all-seeing CCTV cameras... more Â» Â  Bluesfest Art Portraits of Bluesfest returns to raise more funds for kids At least two of the original works of art created for Portraits of Bluesfest over its first four years... more Â» Â  Movies Gallery: 40 must-see fall films Sure, fall means colder weather and back to school, but it also means a pack of new movies in the theatre... more Â» Comments ( ) Â   Pop Forecast Weekly pop forecast "You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows," Bob Dylan sang, but these days, a guide... more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Books Margaret Atwood, David Gilmour and Joseph Boyden among big names in Canadian fall book season New novels from Margaret Atwood, David Gilmour and Joseph Boyden along with memoirs by politician Michael... more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Movies At the Movies, August 23-29 Capsule reviews of movies new in town and those still playing. more Â» Â  New on DVD Not-so-great Gatsby Baz Luhrmann can turn anything into a retinal circus, but that doesn't mean it's going to be any good... more Â» Comments ( ) Â  Movie Reviews &#187;  Movies Fall film preview: Sequels, biopics and Ron Burgundy among seasonâ&euro;&trade;s faves It&#8217;s the best of times and it&#8217;s the most Robert De Niro of times. The fall season &#8212; precursor to the Oscars, answer to the perennial question &#8220;have you seen any good movies lately?&#8221; &#8212; is now rolling into theatres. more Â» Photos: 40 must-see fall films Video: Latest movie trailers Photos: Fall TV 2013-14 At the movies in 2013: 22 films you wonâ&euro;&trade;t want to miss Â  Movies Movie Review: Blue Jasmine Creating a swirling tornado of neurosis so potent it blows her co-stars off the screen through internal conflict alone, Cate Blanchett seems to be a force of nature in Woody Allen&#8217;s new movie. more Â» Comments ( ) Video: Blue Jasmine trailer Â  Review Â  Movie Review: You're Next Movie Review: Dirty Wars Movie Â  Movie Review: In a World Movie Review: The World's End Books &#187;  Books Finding the courage to confront How The Light Gets In A Chief Inspector Gamache Novel more Â» 3 hours ago Comments ( ) Â   News Â  Bowen keeps taking risks Traces found from 24,000 books lost when Canadian parliament burned down Kathy Reichs' new 'Bones' novel draws on suspicious death in Quebec Paterniti chronicles more than the making of a famous Spanish cheese in 'The Telling Room' Margaret Atwood, David Gilmour and Joseph Boyden among big names in Canadian fall book season Fact to fiction, and back again: Gilbert, Patchett among those making a switch this fall  Television &#187;  Television Jay Baruchel returns to TV ABC says the Goon star is working on a semi-autobiographical comedy about a successful actor who moves back to his hometown to get away from the shallowness of Hollywood. more Â» 1 hour ago Comments ( ) Photos: Fall TV 2013-14 Video: Latest movie trailers Hockey-mad actor Jay Baruchel 'furiously typing away' at Goon sequel script Goon's success may help stem Canada's talent 'brain drain' to Hollywood Movie review: This Is The End is self-congratulatory fun, even if the audience isnâ&euro;&trade;t always in on the joke Â   Storage Wars Â  Storage Wars Canada hopes for major ratings debut (with video) Tuesday on TV: King &amp; Maxwell is welcome escapism Miley Cyrus makes Lady Gaga look tame during MTV Video Music Awards opener (with photos and video) TV Tuesday: Rebecca Romijn returns to TV All is fair in love and â&euro;&tilde;Storage Wars' as Canadian expansion premieres Thursday TV Tuesday: King &amp; Maxwell debuts in Canada  Music &#187;  Music Franz Ferdinand didnâ&euro;&trade;t die before they got old NEW YORK &#8212; In his forty-second year, Franz Ferdinand singer Alex Kapranos makes a compelling case that the notion of rock and roll as a young man&#8217;s game is a false one. &#8220;It&#8217;s a misinterpretation of what rock and roll [&#8230;] more Â» 29 minutes ago Comments ( ) Â   â&euro;&tilde;N Sync reunion Â  â&euro;&tilde;N Sync reunion tour rumours wonâ&euro;&trade;t last more than 90 seconds, Lance Bass says Bye, bye, bye â&euro;&tilde;N Sync: Lance Bass nixes boy band reunion after VMA performance Kings of Leon back on track after period of disarray Lady Antebellum coming to Edmonton in March 'We Can't Stop' remembering Miley Cyrus' MTV Video Music Awards performance (with photos, video) Miley Cyrus does the twerk    What's On Tonight for Tue, Aug 27 Â  All times are based on EST. Personalize by entering your Postal Code below. Â  Listings Favourites Â  Â  8:00 pm 9:00 pm Â  CBC Rick Mercer Report 22 Minutes Arctic Air Â  CTV So You Think You Can Dance Â  Global NCIS NCIS: Los Angeles Â  For local listings, enter your postal code Go Â  Â Â  Loading... For local listings, enter your postal code Go Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Close Â  Â   Hot at TIFF &#187; All the stars coming to the Toronto International Film Festival Aug 20, 2013 Â  Ron Howardâ&euro;&trade;s Jay Z doc coming to Toronto film festival Aug 20, 2013 Â  Lance Armstrong doc, Woody Allen film among latest TIFF additions Aug 13, 2013 Â  Eli Roth, Errol Morris films headline TIFF side programs Jul 30, 2013 Â  The top films featured at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival Jul 23, 2013 Â   Arts Blogs The Big Beat Gordon Lightfoot added to Folkfest ... Gordon Lightfoot added to Ottawa Folkfest lineup Aug 27, 2013 2:12 PM Â  Peter Hum Which Canadian jazz crooner was recently... Matt Dusk, that&#8217;s who.The Polish newspaper clipping shown above, while reporting on Dusk&#8217;... Aug 27, 2013 4:30 PM Â  Lynn Saxberg Concert review: The National Arts Centre... The National Arts Centre Orchestra got the led out this week with the help of a slick American production... May 23, 2013 Â  Peter Robb Audio: Exclusive interview with Taylor... Talking to Taylor Swift is unusual. She is clearly smart, very ambitious and very controlled. She also... Oct 22, 2012 Â   COMMUNITY THEATRE REVIEWS Confessions of a Mad Drag Queen is ... ReviewedÂ  by Iris Winston.Miranda Rights, the aging drag queen of the title, is not quite ready for... Aug 27, 2013 3:57 PM Â  Most Popular News  Most Read E-mailed Shared U of O student dead after â&euro;&tilde;altercationâ&euro;&trade; on eve of return from Yellowknife Ex-Sens captain cutting all ties by putting house up for sale Robocalls court filings shed new light on case, possible Sona involvement Former Liberal Sen. Mac Harb resigns amid expense scandal Ottawa man charged after allegedly torturing, killing raccoons Two men hospitalized, one arrested, after Kanata altercation Â  more Â» U of O student dead after â&euro;&tilde;altercationâ&euro;&trade; on eve of return from Yellowknife Worker falls to his death at National Gallery of Canada Ex-Sens captain cutting all ties by putting house up for sale Ottawa study looks at outcomes for extremely premature babies. Jedi rejoice: Star Wars Identities exhibit extended Man charged after mail stolen from Ottawa apartments Â  more Â»  Sponsored By  Resources    Contests &#187; Features Â  Win Free Tacos! Where is the best taco in town? Vote now and you could win!Â  Â»  Features Â  Check out the Citizen store and get access to the Citizen archives. .Â  Â» Local Contests National Contests Diversions &#187;  smallfeature Dilbert Office humour that hits a little too close to home. more Â» Â  Comics Games Puzzles smallfeature Solitaire Our very own online version of an all-time favourite card game. more Â» Â  Kids Games Horoscopes Lottery More Diversions &#187; Inside Ottawa Citizen Â  Montreal dig finds remains of 24,000 books lost when pre-confederation parliament burned Â  Vancouver woman discovers one way to get back a stolen bike Â  Coke, Twinkies say 'secret' recipes haven't changed in a century, but some have Â  Week Ahead: our pick of events for Aug. 25 to 31 Â  Travel: To ace history, stroll old Toronto Â  Gallery: Celine Dion Florida estate -- US$72.5M Â  Nissan 360 a showcase of possibility Â  Gallery: Preppy nostalgia for all Â  10 tech lessons learned from a cross-Canada road trip Â  Flu shot may cut heart attack risk, say researchers  Home News Opinion Business Sports Entertainment Life Health Technology Travel Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds  Don't Miss Citizen Store Digital Lounge Ebooks Style Ottawa Golfing Kids Camps Weather Watch Videos FlyerCity Shopping Â  Â» Most Popular U of O student dead after â&euro;&tilde;altercationâ&euro;&trade; on eve of return from Yellowknife Ex-Sens captain cutting all ties by putting house up for sale Robocalls court filings shed new light on case, possible Sona involvement Â  Â» Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Columnists Photo Galleries Videos Mobile iPad App Ottawa Citizen About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscribe Subscriber Services Submit a letter to the editor Tools Search  Search for a Job Buy/Sell a Car Real Estate Listings Place a Classified Ad E-mail Alerts Flyercity.ca  canada.com Logo About canada.com Privacy Statement Terms Copyright &amp; Permissions &copy; 2010 - 2013 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.   SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4. Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com 