 Build Your Own Current Offers Experience Cadillac Owners Certified Pre-Owned Locate a Dealer SEARCH SEARCH ALL VEHICLES COUPES SEDANS CROSSOVERS & SPORT WAGONS LUXURY UTILITY V-SERIES & RACING FUTURE VEHICLES CUE SHOPPING TOOLS Build Your Own Locate a Dealer Locate a Vehicle Request a Quote Request a Test Drive Compare Vehicles Current Offers Certified Pre-Owned CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED OVERVIEW VEHICLE SEARCH VEHICLE SHOWROOM CERTIFIED OFFERS  CADILLAC HEAD PLUS HEART DON’T PUT OFF UNTIL TOMORROW WHAT YOU CAN DRIVE TODAY. Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned vehicles provide you with the best of both worlds. With protection like a 6-year/100,000-mile limited warranty and 172-point inspection and features like refined power and unmatched luxury. Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned vehicles are the perfect combination of assurance and exhilaration CADILLAC 6 YEAR /100K MILE LIMITED WARRANTY. CADILLAC REFINED POWER. CADILLAC 172-POINT INSPECTION CADILALC UNMATCHED LUXURY CADILLAC HEAD – 6 YEARS/100,000-Mile Limited Warranty, 172-Point Inspection, 24-hour Roadside Assistance, Courtesy Transportation and Attractive Financing | CADILLAC HEART – Refined Power, Unlimited Luxury, Distinctive Design, Intelligent Technology and Breathtaking Performance PROGRAM BENEFITS WARRANTY 172-POINT INSPECTION PROGRAM COMPARISON AVAILABLE MAINTENANCE AWARDS AND ACCOLADES See what the experts are saying LEARN MORE SEE CERTIFIED OFFERS WARRANTY AT A GLANCE  The Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned Warranty extends the New Vehicle Bumper-to-Bumper Coverage up to 6 Years or 70,000 miles. 1 Each Certified Pre-Owned Cadillac vehicle comes with the remainder of the unexpired portion of the original 4-year/50,000-mile new vehicle “Bumper-to-Bumper” Limited Warranty, Powertrain, Emissions, and Corrosion Protection Warranties. The Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty coverage is effective upon the expiration of the New Vehicle “Bumper-to-Bumper” Limited Warranty and adds an additional 2 years or 20,000 miles of coverage.  The Cadillac Certified Pre-owned Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty provides extensive coverage for defects in materials or workmanship of covered components for the full term of the warranty. The coverage includes parts and labor but excludes maintenance and wear and tear items. There is no deductible for covered repairs. Cadillac will provide for repairs to the vehicle during the warranty period in accordance with the following terms, conditions, and limitations. WHAT IS COVERED CADILLAC CPO BUMPER-TO-BUMPER LIMITED COVERAGE The complete vehicle is covered for 6 years or 70,000 miles, whichever comes first, except for other coverages listed here under “What Is Not Covered” later in this section. POWERTRAIN COVERAGE (2012 MY AND OLDER) The powertrain is covered for 5 years or 100,000 miles, whichever comes first. POWERTRAIN COVERAGE (2013 MY AND NEWER) The powertrain is covered for 6 years or 70,000 miles, whichever comes first. SHEET METAL COVERAGE Corrosion is covered on body sheet metal panels for 6 years or 70,000 miles, whichever comes first. Rust-through is covered for up to 6 years, unlimited mileage. Important: Cosmetic or surface corrosion, resulting from stone chips or scratches in the paint, for example, is not included in sheet metal coverage. EMISSION CONTROL SYSTEM WARRANTY Federal Gasoline Engines Defects and performance for cars and light-duty truck emission control systems are covered for the first two years or 24,000 miles, whichever comes first. From the first two years or 24,000 miles to four years or 50,000 miles, defects in material or workmanship continue to be covered under the New Vehicle or CPO Limited Warranty “Bumper-to-Bumper” coverage explained previously. Specified major components are covered for the first eight years or 80,000 miles, whichever comes first. Defects and performance for heavy-duty truck emission control systems are covered for the first five years or 50,000 miles, whichever comes first. California Gasoline Engines Defects and performance for cars and trucks with light-duty or medium-duty emission control systems are covered for the first three years or 50,000 miles, whichever comes first. Specified components for cars or light-duty trucks equipped with light-duty or medium-duty truck emission control systems are covered for the first seven years or 70,000 miles, whichever comes first. Some California emission vehicles may have special coverages longer than those listed here. Please refer to the New Vehicle Owner Assistance and Warranty Manual for additional details. See “California Emission Control System Warranty” under Emission Control Systems Warranty. CADILLAC CPO WARRANTY APPLIES This warranty is for Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned vehicles registered in the United States and normally operated in the United States or Canada, and is provided to the original and any subsequent owners of the vehicle during the warranty period. REPAIRS COVERED The warranty covers repairs to correct any vehicle defect, not slight noise, vibrations, or other normal characteristics of the vehicle related to materials or workmanship occurring during the warranty period. Needed repairs will be performed using new, remanufactured, or refurbished parts. NO CHARGE Warranty repairs, including towing, parts, and labor, will be made at no charge. OBTAINING REPAIRS To obtain warranty repairs, the customer should be directed to take the vehicle to a Cadillac dealer facility within the warranty period and request the needed repairs. WARRANTY PERIOD The warranty period for all coverages begins on the date the vehicle is first delivered or put in use and ends at the expiration of the coverage period. TIRE COVERAGE Tire coverage for the original factory tires ends once the vehicle reaches 4 years or 50,000 miles, whichever comes first. The tires originally supplied with the vehicle from the factory are covered by Cadillac against defects in material or workmanship under the new vehicle bumper-to-bumper warranty coverage. Wear-out is not considered a defect, and it may occur before the vehicle warranty expires. In this case, the owner required to purchase replacement tires, or seek coverage solely from the tire manufacturer. For vehicles still within the original 4-Year/50,000-Mile bumper-to-bumper warranty coverage, defective tires will be replaced on a prorated adjustment basis according to the following mileage-based schedule: After the New Vehicle Limited Warranty expires, the customer may still have prorated warranty coverage on their original equipment tires by the tire manufacturer. The dealership should contact the tire manufacturer of the original tires of the vehicle for more information. Please refer to the Cadillac New Vehicle Limited Warranty and Owner Assistance Booklet for additional details. ACCESSORY COVERAGE GM accessories sold over the counter, or those not requiring installation, will receive the standard GM Dealer Parts Limited Warranty of 12 months from the date of purchase, and coverage is for parts only (installation extra). GM Licensed and Integrated Business Partner (IBP) Accessories are covered under the accessory-specific manufacturer's warranty and are not warranted by GM or its dealers. TOWING Towing is covered to the nearest Cadillac dealer if the vehicle cannot be driven because of a warranted defect. WHAT IS NOT COVERED TIRE AND WHEEL DAMAGE OR WEAR Normal tire wear or wear-out is not covered. Tire wear is influenced by many variables such as road conditions, driving styles, vehicle weight, and tire construction. Uniform tire wear is a normal condition, and is not considered a defect. Road hazard damage such as punctures, cuts, snags, and breaks resulting from pothole impact, curb impact, or from other objects is not covered. Tire wear due to misalignment beyond the warranty period is not covered. Damage from improper inflation, overloading, spinning, as when stuck in mud or snow, tire chains, racing, improper mounting or dismounting, misuse, negligence, alteration, improper repair, accident, collision, fire, vandalism, or misapplication is not covered. Damage to wheels or tire sidewalls caused by automatic car washes or cleaning agents is not covered. DAMAGE DUE TO ACCIDENT, MISUSE, OR ALTERATION The Certified or New Vehicle Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty does not cover damage caused as the result of any of the following: collision, fire, theft, freezing, vandalism, riot, explosion, or objects striking the vehicle. Misuse of the vehicle such as driving over curbs, overloading, racing, or other competition. Proper vehicle use is discussed in the owner manual. Alteration, modification, or tampering to the vehicle, including, but not limited to the body, chassis, powertrain, driveline, software, or other components after final assembly by Cadillac. Coverages do not apply if the odometer has been disconnected, its reading has been altered, or mileage cannot be determined. Installation of non-GM (General Motors) parts. Water or fluid contamination. Damage resulting from hail, floods, windstorms, lightning, and other environmental conditions. Alteration of glass parts by application of tinting films. DAMAGE OR CORROSION DUE TO ENVIRONMENT, CHEMICAL TREATMENTS, OR AFTERMARKET PRODUCTS Damage caused by airborne fallout, rail dust, salt from sea air, salt or other materials used to control road conditions, chemicals, tree sap, stones, hail, earthquake, water or flood, windstorm, lightning, the application of chemicals or sealants subsequent to manufacture, etc., is not covered. DAMAGE DUE TO INSUFFICIENT OR IMPROPER MAINTENANCE Damage caused by failure to follow the recommended maintenance schedule intervals and/or failure to use or maintain proper fluids, or maintain fluids between recommended maintenance intervals, fuel, lubricants, or refrigerants recommended in the owner manual is not covered. DAMAGE DUE TO CONTAMINATED OR POOR QUALITY FUEL Poor fuel quality or incorrect fuel may cause drivability problems such as hesitation, lack of power, stalling, or failure to start. It may also render gauges inoperable or degrade functionality for components such as spark plugs, oxygen sensors, and the catalytic converter. Damage from poor fuel quality, water contamination, or incorrect diesel fuel or gasoline may not be covered. DAMAGE DUE TO IMPACT, USE, OR THE ENVIRONMENT Windshield or glass cracks, chips, or scratches due to impact are not covered. Windshield cracks will be covered for the first 12 months, regardless of mileage if caused by defects in material or workmanship. Lights, lenses, mirrors, paint, grille, moldings, and trim are not covered for cracks, chips, scratches, dents, dings, and punctures or tears as a result of impact with other objects or road hazards. Cracks, chips, scratches, or other damage to the face of a radio or instrument cluster from impact or foreign objects are not covered. MAINTENANCE All vehicles require periodic maintenance. Maintenance services, such as those detailed in the owner manual are, the owner's expense. Vehicle lubrication, cleaning, or polishing is not covered. Failure of or damage to components requiring replacement or repair due to vehicle use, wear, exposure, or lack of maintenance is not covered. The items shown below are several examples of what is considered maintenance, and not covered as part of the Certified Pre-Owned Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Vehicle Warranty: Audio System Cleaning Brake Pads/Linings Clutch Linings Coolants and Fluids Filters Keyless Entry (or other remote transmitter/receiver batteries) 2 Limited Slip Rear Axle Service Tire Rotation Wheel Alignment/Balance 3 Wiper Inserts Any replacement at the time of, or beyond the 172 Point Inspection period is considered maintenance, and is not covered a part of the Certified Pre-Owned Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Vehicle Warranty. The Certified Pre-Owned Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty only covers components when replacement or repair of these components is the result of a defect in material or workmanship. EXTRA EXPENSES Economic loss or extra expense is not covered. Examples include: Inconvenience Lodging, meals, or other travel costs Loss of vehicle use Payment for loss of time or pay State or local taxes required on warranty repairs Storage WARRANTY FAQ WHAT ABOUT COURTESY TRANSPORTATION? Courtesy Transportation is also included on all Cadillac Certified Pre-Owned vehicles for the duration of the vehicle Warranty. Whenever warranty repairs are required, several transportation options and/or reimbursement of certain transportation expenses are available for your convenience at participating dealers/retailers. IS MY VEHICLE COVERED FROM RUST, TOO? Cadillac vehicles are designed and built to resist corrosion. All body and sheet metal components are warranted against rust-through corrosion for 6 years, unlimited mileage. Application of additional rust-inhibiting materials is neither necessary nor required under the Sheet Metal Coverage. Cadillac makes no recommendations concerning the usefulness or value of such products. Application of after-manufacture rust-proofing products may create an environment that reduces the corrosion resistance built into your vehicle. Repairs to correct damage caused by such applications are not covered under your CPO or New Vehicle Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty. See your Cadillac dealer for terms of this limited warranty. DO I HAVE TO GO TO THE CADILLAC DEALER WHERE I PURCHASED MY VEHICLE TO HAVE THIS TYPE OF WORK PERFORMED? While most customers prefer to have this type of work performed at their selling dealer, it can be performed at any Cadillac dealership. CAN I TAKE MY CADILLAC TO ANY GM DEALERSHIP FOR WARRANTY REPAIRS? These repairs must be performed by an Authorized Cadillac dealer, except in an emergency situation when a covered part or a Cadillac dealer is not reasonably available to the vehicle owner. It's in your best interest to take your Cadillac vehicle to a Cadillac dealer for all repairs since they are the most knowledgeable about the requirements of your vehicle. SocialNetwork Facebook Twitter YouTube ALL VEHICLES All Vehicles Coupes Sedans Crossovers &amp; Sport Wagons Luxury Utility V-Series &amp; Racing Concept Vehicles Future Vehicles Professional Compare Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned SHOPPING TOOLS Build Your Own Locate a Dealer Locate a Vehicle Request a Quote Compare Vehicles OFFERS & FINANCE Current Offers Payment Estimator Trade-in Appraisal Apply for Credit EXPERIENCE CADILLAC Experience Cadillac Mobile Apps History &amp; Heritage Events Awards &amp; Accolades Enthusiasts&#039; Sites News SiriusXM OWNERS Owners Warranty Shield Program Certified Service Manuals &amp; Videos Premium Care Maintenance Owner Center Accessories HELP CENTER Overview FAQs Contact Us Get Email Updates Download Brochure Sitemap Cadillac Worldwide ©2013 General Motors Copyright &amp; Trademark Info Privacy Statement Ad Choices  1. From original in service date. 6 year/70,000 miles, whichever comes first. No deductible. See dealer for limited warranty details. 2. Consumable battery covered up to 12 months only. 3. Maintenance items after 7,500 miles. SiteCatalyst code version: H.14.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com  