 Corporate Biographies Production/Relief Updates Executive Speeches Awards Company History Multidistrict Litigation Toyota Lexus Scion Manufacturing/Engineering/Design Sales/Financial Advanced Technology Philanthropy Environmental Safety/Recall  Search all Content Limit to Press Releases Limit to Photos/Video Limit to Albums Limit to Press Kits Advanced Search Toyota Lexus Scion Toyota Lexus Scion Manufacturing/Engineering Corporate Toyota Lexus Scion Manufacturing/Engineering Corporate Cars Avalon Camry Corolla Matrix Yaris Truck/Utility/Van 4Runner FJ Cruiser Highlander Land Cruiser RAV4 Sequoia Sienna Tacoma Tundra Venza Hybrids Camry Hybrid Highlander Hybrid Prius Prius c Prius v Prius Plug-In Electric Vehicles RAV4 EV Future Vehicles Concept Vehicles Cars ES F Sport GS IS IS C IS F LFA LS Utility GX LX RX Hybrids CT ES GS HS LS RX Future Vehicles Concept Vehicles Lifestyle FR-S iQ tC xB xD Future Vehicles Concept Vehicles  Email Alerts Search: Keywords: Advanced Search Home News Releases Categories: Scion Auto Shows Concept Vehicles FR-S April 20, 2011 Scion Introduces FR-S Sports Coupe Concept at 2011 New York Auto Show &bull; Rear-wheel drive concept makes world debut &bull; Design focus of Pure Balance &bull; Boxer engine utilizes Toyota&rsquo;s D4-S direct and port injection system   Jack Hollis, Scion vice president, unveils the rear-wheel drive FR-S Concept sports coupe at the 2011 New York International Auto Show Wednesday, April 20, 2011. Photo: Joe Polimeni Scion Vice President Jack Hollis unveils the FR-S Concept sports coupe April 20 at the 2011 New York International Auto Show. (video clip) Scion FR-S Sports Coupe Concept Vehicle b-roll (short video clip) Click here for remarks from the Scion FR-S Reveal Click here for complete photo album April 20, 2011 - New York - Scion unveiled the rear-wheel drive FR-S Concept sports coupe today at the 2011 New York International Auto Show. The concept, which sets out to stimulate the souls of true driving enthusiasts, will be at the Scion display through May 1. The FR-S Concept will inspire a new model coming to the Scion brand next year. The FR-S Concept, which stands for Front-engine, Rear-wheel drive, Sport; is Scion&rsquo;s definition of an authentic rear-wheel-drive sports car with compelling style, exceptionally balanced performance and handling, flexible utility and surprising MPG. &ldquo;Scion is always experimenting with new things,&rdquo; said Jack Hollis, Scion vice president. &ldquo;The brand is iconic with the xB, adrenalized by the tC, and groundbreaking with the iQ. The FR-S will expand the brand into yet another new dimension that I know it is truly destined for.&rdquo; The FR-S is a true &ldquo;scion,&rdquo; born into a lengthy history of Toyota performance cars and motorsports. The sports coupe is most inspired by the AE86 generation of the Corolla, better known as the Hachi-Roku , meaning &ldquo;8-6&rdquo; in Japanese. The front-engine, rear-wheel drive coupe was lightweight and well balanced, making it a solid choice for driving enthusiasts. Inspired by the AE86, the FR-S is built around the core goal of achieving &ldquo;pure balance,&rdquo; which begins with the strategic placement of a flat 2.0-liter boxer engine in a front-engine, rear-wheel drive configuration. The engine&rsquo;s compact size and shape allows the FR-S&rsquo; powertrain to be mounted lower and further back towards the rear, giving the car a lower center of gravity and a dynamically favorable front-to-rear weight ratio. The FR-S&rsquo; naturally-aspirated engine is innovative, being the first boxer to incorporate Toyota&rsquo;s D4-S injection system, which utilizes both direct and port injection, resulting in increased horsepower and torque throughout the entire powerband, without sacrificing MPG. The flat-four can mate with either a six-speed manual or a six-speed automatic transmission. The manual offers quick and precise shifts with a short-throw, while the automatic transmission features aggressive, sporty shifts that are initiated by steering-wheel-mounted paddle shifters. Power is distributed effectively via a limited-slip differential. The idea of &ldquo;pure balance&rdquo; is further realized by the FR-S&rsquo; lightweight design and short wheelbase. The combination allows the car to be quick and nimble into and out of any corner, with dynamic maneuverability and confident stability. &ldquo;Akio Toyoda has mentioned that he is going to bring the fun-to-drive spirit back to Toyota,&rdquo; Hollis said. &ldquo;I know that the Scion FR-S Concept is one of the ways that he plans to accomplish that.&rdquo; The fierce exterior of the FR-S is a good reflection of its inner power. The intimidating proportions of the concept give it a dominant stance that bleeds performance. The profile, inspired by the Toyota 2000GT, reveals a hood-line that is remarkably sleek and low, made possible by the boxer&rsquo;s architecture. The low stance continues to exaggerate the FR-S&rsquo; menacing face, which is made up of sharp lines, a wide mouth and angular headlights that include bright LED clusters. The solid panel roofline is sleek, lightweight and rigid, slotted with an aerodynamic shape that channels air cleanly over to the top. The front fenders protrude upward, making space for the massive monoblock Five Axis 20x8.5-inch wheels, while the muscular rear fenders are widened to house the 20x10.5-inch wheels, emphasizing the FR-S&rsquo; staggered stance and rear-wheel-drive setup. The rear fascia sits low and wide, with extensive lower treatments that surround the dual exhaust exits and contribute to excellent aerodynamics. LEDs illuminate both the edgy taillights and the bold &ldquo;SCION&rdquo; logo. The concept features four-piston-caliper front brakes that clamp down on monstrous 18-inch annular carbon ceramic matrix rotors that are fixed to the wheels in a motorcycle-fashion. The FR-S Concept is layered in rich coats of Code Red, the appropriately named color that consists of a custom blend of candy and a developmental additive from BASF called Mearlite SSQ. Concept Dimensions Length &ndash; 168.2 Width &ndash; 71.5 Height &ndash; 47.4 Front Track &ndash; 61.8 Rear Track &ndash; 59.9 Wheelbase &ndash; 101.2 # # # Media Contacts: Scion Public Relations Craig Taguchi 310.468.3282 craig_taguchi@scion.com FR-S Concept Site: www.ScionDimension.com Media Web site: www.ScionNewsroom.com Public Web site: www.Scion.com NOTE TO EDITORS: Photography and high-definition video clips of the Scion FR-S concept are available and can be retrieved in digital form at www.ScionDimension.com or www.ScionNewsroom.com . Tags: scion concept new york auto show scion fr-s Related Assets Other articles in News Releases: Pricing Announced for 2014 Toyota Corolla 2014 Toyota Corolla Features and Specifications 2014 Toyota Corolla Product Information Toyota's 2014 Corolla Delivers Improved Efficiency and Driving Dynamics Toyota Announces Winners of Prius Plug-in MPG Challenge, Wave Two &lt; back Toyota.com Lexus.com Scion.com Toyotafinancial.com Toyota.com/esq/ Toyota-global.com Toyota.com/espa&ntilde;ol Legal Terms &copy;2013 Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. You must be logged in to view this item. Login: Password:  This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your userprofile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notesin the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day. Copyright Notice All materials on this site are for editorial use only. The use of these materials for advertising, marketing or any other commercial purpose is prohibited. They may be cropped but not otherwise modified. To download these materials, you must agree to abide by these terms. 