 Travel South America Travel Search South America Travel Plan Your Trip What to Do Countries Filed In: Countries & Territories &gt; Brazil Brazilian Art, Culture, and Entertainment Museums, art, food and drink, literature, online guides, music, film, religion, language, folklore, authors, poets and related resources for the art and culture of Brazil. Brazil's Culture, History, and Language Brazilian / Portuguese L... Food and Drink (5) Religions (16) What to do in South America December 2012 Get the latest on what to do this month in South America South America's Best Cities for Street Art Where you can find the best street art in South America. Caipirinha, anyone? Brazil's national drink, made with limes, sugar, water and the sugar cane brandy known as cacha&#231;a is an international favorite. Check out these recipes in various languages and enjoy a taste of Brazil wherever you are! Carnaval! Say Carnaval and what images come to mind? Fantastically and scantily garbed dancers, pounding samba rhythms, parades, incessant revelry? Rio de Janeiro? The four days and nights of carnaval in Rio are the lavish self-indulgent anything-goes exotic exhibitionist spectacle the world sees. Books about Brazil Guide selected books cover a wide range of topics, from travel planning to politics, history, touring, wildlife, flora and fauna, cultural studies, human rights, cuisine, government, military matters, arts and crafts, sports and more information to learn about Brazil. Brazilian Photography History of photography, early photographers and an overview of political history from my colleague, the Photography Guide. Samba! Infectious rhythms and a contagious beat - Brazilian spoken here. Literature of Brazil Jorge Amado, Joyce Cavalccante, Joao Guimaraes Rosa, Vinicius de Moraes and others. Free South America Travel Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore South America Travel Must Reads Top 10 Destinations Top UNESCO Heritage Sites South American Cuisine Machu Picchu Overview Chile's Atacama Desert in Photos Most Popular Countries and Capitals of South America Top 10 South America Tourist Destinations When to Go to South America Iguazu Falls Electricity in South America: Outlets and... Free South America Travel Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Plan Your Trip Countries & Territories Popular Destinations History & Culture Events & Holidays Food & Drink Nature & Wildlife Pictures & Maps Tours & Packages South America Travel About.com Travel South America Travel Countries & Territories Brazil Art, and Culture Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 