 [if lte IE 7]><script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/jquery.js"></script><script type="text/javascript" src="/javascripts/jquery.helper.js"></script><![endif]  ARTICLES Q TALKS DISCOVER Q EVENTS Q Nashville 2014 Q Session | Imagebearer Q Session | Epiphany Past Events RESOURCES Books Studies Bible Church Leaders Speaking PARTICIPATE Praxis Accelerator Host Conversations Church Business Education Social Sector Arts + Entertainment Science + Tech Government Media Cities Gospel Restorers The arts + entertainment channel—from music and film to the fine arts and fashion design—paints a picture of how we define beauty. This channel represents a vast opportunity for shaping our collective imagination through cultural goods. Sort By: Newest Content First Oldest Content First Most Commented Author Name A - Z Content Title A - Z Show: All Content Articles Videos Essays Audio 59 Results Listed 9 Attributes of a Cultured Christian by Brett McCracken Christians should be the best connoisseurs, appreciators, advocates and patrons of culture. Why? Because for Christians, culture—what human beings make of the world—is a means by which we understand, reflect and glorify the Creator God. So, what does it mean to be a “cultured Christian”? Here are nine attributes I’d like to suggest define a Christian approach to culture... Read Article Q SESSIONS | IMAGEBEARER with Andy Crouch by Q Ideas America is an image-driven culture. From airbrushed magazine covers to political PR campaigns to personal branding strategies. But for all the emphasis on image, many of us have lost touch with what it means to be an image-bearer. Many of us are obsessed with image—but perhaps not in the right way.Join us for our next Q session in New York City on September 17 - 18, where Andy Crouch will talk about what it truly means to bear God's image. Read Article The Evolution of the Swimsuit Can Modesty Make a Comeback? by Jessica Rey Summer is officially underway and that means the swimwear is coming out. It also means some people—perhaps women especially—will start to ask questions about modesty. In the current world of swimwear, small is beautiful and less is more desirable. But designer and actress Jessica Rey asks, “Who says it has to be itsy bitsy?” Rey argues that within the construct of modesty, there is a freedom—that modesty isn't about covering up what's bad, it's about revealing dignity. View Video Day One of Q 2013, Los Angeles by Q Ideas If there was a theme that emerged from opening day of Q LA, it was the idea of "constraint." What does it mean to be bound? How do limits, in fact, offer more freedom? Whether they intended to or not, each of the presenters spoke into this idea in their own way—offering a perspective on the creativity available within constraint. A round-up of Day One here at the 2013 Q Ideas conference in Los Angeles ... Read Article Watch The Opening Sessions of QLA LIVE by Q Ideas Over the next few days, hundreds of remarkable leaders will meet in Los Angeles to collaborate around the biggest questions facing the church today and explore answers on how to advance the common good in an increasingly secular society.If you are unable to attend this year, watch a free LIVE stream of Q's opening sessions. Join us Monday, April 15 from 12:00pm - 2:45pm EDT. And be sure to follow along with the conference on Twitter: #QLA. Read Article Truth is Elusive and Memory Fickle, but Love Wins: A Look at the 2012 Oscar Films by Brett McCracken It was a year for the history books. Literally. The films of 2012—more than most years—were concerned with the telling of real-life historical episodes. But "historical" doesn't always mean true and much of this year's best films often dealt with the elusiveness of truth in storytelling and the difficulty in "getting it right." Here's a look at this year's Oscar nominees (and a few that didn't make the list, but should have) … Read Article The Christian's Responsibility For Art by Roberta Ahmanson The Church today often struggles to engage in and support the arts, but such has not always been the case. Historically, the Christian church appreciated the arts and took seriously the role they could play in displaying truth and beauty in culture. As a philanthropist and patron of fine art, Ahmanson helps cast a vision for how the church can reclaim its civic duty of arts patronage. View Video Artist Spotlight: Young Oceans on Advent by Q Ideas When Young Oceans, the self-described "neo-alternative worship project" out of Trinity Grace Church in New York City, made the decision to create an Advent album, they had no idea just how much they'd be asked to live in the tension of those songs. Read more about their album and download a free song. Read Article Is Hollywood Worth Saving? by Erik Lokkesmoe American film is one of the greatest cultural achievements in world history, and when done well, is rightly heralded for its marvels and its magic. Yet no one in Hollywood can answer the question: what are we about? Here are nine keys for Hollywood to find itself again. Read Article Changing The Conversation About Video Games by Greg Veltman In 1939, as the television was becoming a more common household device, a New York Times reporter predicted that “TV will never be a serious competitor for radio because people must sit and keep their eyes glued on a screen; the average American family hasn't time for it.” This turned out to be misguided, and in 1950, Daniel Marsh concluded that, “if the television craze continues with the present level of programs, we are destined to have a nation of morons.” . . . Read Article Thomas Kinkade, Holbein, and Icons by Dan Siedell In another essay, I suggested that Thomas Kinkade's quaint and nostalgic images are dangerous, offering a comfortable world that silences the two words with which God speaks to us (law and gospel). These images seem to say, the world isn't so bad, faith isn't so hard, grace therefore not so desperately sought. Following Michael Horton, Kinkade's desire to depict a world before the fall is Christ-less Christianity in paint. Read Article An Art Museum for the Common Good by Dan Siedell A work of art is not a passive object. It is the aesthetic embodiment of a particular experience that exists in the world to initiate a particular experience in another.  It makes the first move, and we respond. I have spent my professional life working in or with art museums as an art historian. These wonderfully complex institutions exist because their founders believed that art is a common good: that the work done in the privacy of an artist’s studio... Read Article Fashion and Its Statements by Cherie Harder After a generation’s worth of conversation about cultural engagement, little is being said about fashion and its role in the pursuit of the common good. This silence is a mistake. Fashion trends shape and define what society in general, and youth culture in particular, regard as attractive, socially acceptable, and worthy of emulation.  If the fashion industry is a potent cultural force, and fashion trends speak to our national character, how should those seeking to more thoughtfully engage our culture respond? Read Article Do Our Favorite Movies Tell the Truth? by Greg Veltman Films serve a number of purposes in our society. Mostly, they tell stories, entertain audiences, and help us imagine the world in new and creative ways. The creators and distributors of films also contribute to our economy. But an often-overlooked purpose of film is that it should serve the common good. As a form of mass communication... Read Article Q Reviews | Young Adult Fiction by Byron Borger Young Adult Fiction has changed dramatically over the last ten years with the releases of several blockbuster fantasy series. Where are the novels that maturely and naturally weave entertaining stories with important, biblical truths? Byron Borger reviews two authors who write young adult and children’s literature that plumbs the depths of human experience while still crafting engaging stories. Read Article PBS 'Prohibition' and the Complexity of Sin by Bethany Keeley-Jonker The new Ken Burns series “Prohibition” aired recently on PBS. I had done some reading on the history of the 1920s but before my research, I thought that prohibition was a total failure. It didn’t prevent people from drinking and it fed organized crime. But what I did not know is that Prohibition, along with the temperance movement that led to its institution, did change the culture of alcohol... Read Article What is a Picture Worth? by Cara Davis My mother has no fewer than 40 photographs of my daughter—her only grandchild—on display in her home. When you walk into her three-bedroom, ranch-style home, there is little question who her heart orbits around.It's often said a picture is worth a thousand words, but to her, one word is worth a thousand pictures: Madilyn. I cannot imagine what it must be like for many people who never have pictures taken–formally or informally. But for most, it's a luxury ill afforded when you're struggling to put food on the table or maintain a roof over your head... Read Article Margin Call and the Banality of Evil by Josh Larsen The new Wall Street drama Margin Call is only slightly less boring than a quarterly report. And that’s exactly what makes it so frightening. Set at an imploding investment firm on the eve of the 2008 financial collapse, Margin Call means to capture the panic of that moment and raise our moral hackles over the dubious decisions surrounding it. Read Article Unsettled Questions by Dave Bazan and David Dark In a wide-ranging conversation interspersed with song, author of The Sacredness of Questioning Everything David Dark and musician Dave Bazan (formerly, of Pedro the Lion) will discuss the struggles of a questioning faith. They’ll wrestle with the joys and tensions of attempting to sustain a creative and neighborly livelihood without lying or going crazy. Their back-and-forth will include their appreciation of the witnessing work on offer by contemporary truth tellers, David Simon, Cormac McCarthy, Leonard Cohen, and the Brothers Coen. View Video Making Giving Easier by Steven Paletta What happens when a 43-year-old real estate developer from Bedford, NY wins a million dollars? Does he spend it on himself or give it away? This was the question facing Stephen Paletta, winner of “Oprah’s Big Give,” in 2008. Today, as founder of The Give Back Foundation, he helps fund charitable causes around the world through a groundbreaking giving structure focused on average, every day Americans. Listen as Paletta shares how the biggest corporations in the world will give to your foundation so you can fund your vision. View Video A Song of Hallelujah Purpose in George Frideric Handel's Music by Jimmy Lin The Hallelujah Chorus, within the oratorio called Messiah , is an easily recognizable piece of music and is often played throughout the Christmas season. Its creator was George Frideric Handel, a famous classical music composer and recognized as one of the most famous of the Baroque period in the 1700’s, whose other popular works include Water Music and Music for the Royal Fireworks. His earthly father called him to the study of law, but his heavenly Father called him to make a greater impact... Read Article Why Fashion Matters to You by Cherie Harder Fashion is at once the most visible and overlooked industry. More than giving us what we wear, the runway reflects our history, projects our future, and brands our deeply held beliefs about who we are and who we strive to be. Cherie Harder, President of the Trinity Forum, explains why we must engage this influential and philosophy-laden industry. Read Article The Psychology of Trials Fyodor Dostoyevsky by Jimmy Lin Within the bindings of a story, great literature explores what words alone fail to express. In The Brothers Karamazov and Crime and Punishment , among others, Fyodor Dostoevsky subtlety explores the depths of the struggles that he experienced in his own life through his complex and unforgettable characters. Here, Jimmy Lin discusses the connection between Dostoevsky's life, work and faith. Read Article Truthful Beauty and Fashion Culture A review of Rainbows for a Fallen World and Fashion: Philosophy for Everyone: Thinking With Style by Byron Borger  When stilettos strut the catwalk, they echo in your life. Do you hear them? Byron Borger reviews two seminal books on how lofty ideas of aesthetics and high fashion trends do—and absolutely should—affect the daily lives of Christians. Read Article Q Interview: Joshua LaRock, Classical Painter by Joshua LaRock Josh LaRock is a young and quickly emerging artist who is passionate about the renewal of the classical painting tradition. He sat down with Gabe Lyons to discuss his work, the thought behind his art, and how faith plays into what he creates. Read Article Introducing Q Sessions Boutique events with access to some of the world's most experienced authorities by Q Ideas This fall, Q will introduce a new type of event called Q Sessions to support and educate leaders on topics that are both timely and critical to cultural renewal. These boutique events are much smaller than our Gatherings and will offer private access to some of the world's most respected and experienced authorities on subjects of paramount importance. Read Article The Arc of Storytelling by Bobette Buster In our culture, he who tells the best story wins. Creating great narratives that produce epiphanies involves a particular talent that applies far beyond film and changes the way you write books, marketing copy, funding proposals, research reports, sermons, and so much more. Bobette Buster has built and sustained a long, respected career in the film industry by being the best at finding and developing epiphanies in some of the greatest movies we've all enjoyed. View Video Drowning in Over Stimulation A Review of Prophetically Incorrect: A Christian Introduction to Media Criticism and Eyes Wide Open: Looking for God in Popular Culture by Byron Borger How do we navigate the tempestuous ocean of enticing information known as 'Media' without drowning in over stimulation and bad culture? Byron Borger reviews two helpful guide books, Prophetically Incorrect: A Christian Introduction to Media Criticism by Robert Woods and Paul Patton and Eyes Wide Open: Looking for God in Popular Culture by William D. Romanowski . Read Article "Super 8" and the Value of Spiritual Wonder by Josh Larsen Super 8 has all the makings of the summer blockbuster from your childhood. Slated to gross well over $100 million, it boasts an action-packed but family-friendly storyline that's hard to shake. But what's best about this film, according to critic Josh Larsen, is it's ability to create a genuine sense of wonder. He says Super 8 captures a rush of amazement that leaves viewers wide-eyed and humbled. Read Article Hello, May I Interest You in a Dissenting View of "The Book of Mormon?" Mockingbird editor discusses the Tony-winning musical by David Zahl The Book of Mormon cleaned up at the Tony Awards, including taking home several coveted medallions including the award for Best Musical. It's been hailed as a daring production, full of laughs with a remarkable score. But writer David Zahl says the show ultimately disappoints. He believes the way it carelessly attacks religion will preach only to the choir. Read Article Malick's Microcosm: A Review of "Tree of Life" by Alissa Wilkinson Many critics who have struggled to describe Terrence Malick's The Tree of Life have called it a prayer. But perhaps it is more than that. Writer Alissa Wilkinson suggests a better word to describe this film than prayer might be lament.  And not just a lament for a lost loved one, but for that lost Paradise - both the first Eden, as well as the one buried deep within our memories. Read Article A Film About Us: Review of Meek's Cutoff by Brett McCracken Minimalist indie director Kelly Reichardt's latest film, Meek's Cutoff , is ponderous and gorgeously shot. But what makes this film so moving is that it is about more than one heroine's point of view; it's about our point of view. Film critic and author Brett McCracken offers his take on this frustratingly ambiguous film. Read Article The Art of Video Gaming by Jamin Brophy-Warren Video games are an enormous and engaging part of our culture; but who is engaging the institution of video games? Jamin Brophy-Warren is the founder of Kill Screen, an organization that asks "What does it mean to play games?” Warren says that video games don't offer pseudo-experiences, they offer real experiences through detailed narratives. From inside the video game industry, he discusses how we need to view video games as art and build a culture of thought around the video game experience. View Video The Veneer of Arts + Entertainment The world of "indie" film and music by Brett McCracken There’s a reason why, in the worlds of movies and music, “indie” is the new mainstream. It’s because “indie” sells. Or, rather, it’s because the marketing of something as indie tends to work. Many of these “mainstream indie” brands are legitimately good but some aren't. Writer Brett McCracken warns that our flimsy, fickle, “what can a product do for my image?” consumer sensibilities are often easily duped. Read Article God, Freedom, and "The Adjustment Bureau" by Russell Moore Watching the trailer for “The Adjustment Bureau,” you might sense you’ve seen this film before. You have, kind of. The thriller follows the same narrative pathways as such previous films as “The Matrix,” “The Truman Show,” and “Inception.” Hollywood never makes the same movie only once, if that movie makes money, so this is hardly surprising. But Russell Moore says the real question is why movies about escaping from an illusory universe, of recapturing free will, resonate with filmmakers and moviegoers? Read Article Oscars 2011: Cautionary Tales by Craig Detweiler The King’s Speech is a favorite to win best picture at this year's Academy Awards. But are the darker, thornier Oscar nominees more likely to resonate in years to come? Craig Detweiler probes this year's cinematic "cautionary tales." Read Article Ten Most Transcendent Films of the Last Decade by Brett McCracken As we enter the second decade of the second millennium AD, Q is pausing to look back on the last ten years. In the fourth of this multi-post series, author and film critic Brett McCracken considers the cinematic gems of the last decade that embodied the aches, fears, and hopes that audiences felt during that time. Read Article Ten Most Praiseworthy Albums of the Last Decade by Josh Jackson As we enter the second decade of the second millennium AD, Q is pausing to look back on the last ten years. In the second of this multi-post series, Paste magazine co-founder and editor-in-chief, Josh Jackson, considers the albums from this decade that should really make us sing. Read Article Those Who Can Fix Anything: Restoring Through City Planning by Aaron Fortner Every element of our built environment can be designed in a way that either facilitates connections or hinders them. The places we live, work, play or worship can and should be designed to maximize connectivity. City planner Aaron Fortner believes God’s desire for connections goes far beyond just the physical arrangement of things. Read Article The Creativity Crisis by Jonathan Merritt For the first time, research shows that American creativity is declining. Experts note that creativity has risen in America until 1990 when it began falling, and some blame technology and our educational system. Should we be worried, and how does the Christian faith inform the way we respond? Read Article Can Art Transcend Words? by Q Ideas Georgia O'Keefe once famously remarked, “I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.” Does art have the ability to transcend words? The Haiti Poster Project informs us about this important cultural medium. Read Article Old School Becomes Art A lesson on restoration by Q Ideas What are piles of outdated technology like cassette tapes, 8mm film and VHS good for these days? According to Atlanta artist Erika Iris Simmons, they make stunning portraits of iconic figures. Simmons’ art gives the world more than a new aesthetic. Her work illustrates that there is beauty buried within even  seemingly worthless artifacts. Read Article Art for the Common Good by Dayton Castleman Art has the ability to arrest us—causing us to pause, take a second look and reflect. When applied to a public canvas using large-scale sculptures or riveting art installations, the reactions are even more nuanced. Peek inside the mind of Dayton Castleman, an artist who prefers to work in site-specific constructive art and who hails from a family of pastors, authors and theologians. What does aesthetic stewardship look like in a world desperate for beauty and meaning? View Video The Evolution of a Voice by Bryan Coley Oftentimes we hear that culture is shaped by the arts, but few of us understand how that really takes place. Bryan, a veteran screenwriter and playwright, brings twenty years of film and entertainment experience to the discussion, illustrating how the arts have shaped society’s attitudes, beliefs and behaviors over the last forty years. He’ll conclude by describing the opportunities and pitfalls for Christians bold enough to engage the medium. View Video Art: On Behalf of the Church to the World by David Taylor An Interview with author David Taylor about the practice of art in the church and how the church can support artists and art communities. Read Article Buying Music vs. Playing Music by Q Ideas Read Article Don't Forget to Bleed by Tim Willard How mountain bikes, bruises, and banter can help us understand how to be . Read Article When Art Offends by Jonathan Merritt On a recent visit to New York City, I stumbled upon a outdoor artmarket in Soho. Intrigued by the organic “New Yorkiness”, I stopped toencounter gritty “starving artists” with musty suitcases full oforiginal artwork. I couldn’t help but purchase a couple of pieces andas I was leaving, I noticed one lonely artist with violent depictionsof animal slaughterhouses with renderings of Jesus superimposed overthem. “That is not art,” I thought, averting my eyes. “That guyshouldn’t be allowed to show that.” Read Article The Dude Abides The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers by Cathleen Falsani Our friend Cathleen Falsani , religion writer for the Chicago Sun Times is also a staunch fan of the Coen Brothers. So much that this has become the topic of her new book, The Dude Abides: The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers , now available on Amazon. Cathleen tells us a little more about this unique book project in a Q &amp; A. Read Article Lord Save Us From Your Followers by Q Ideas Why is the Gospel of Love Dividing America? If youwere to meet ten average Americans on the street, nine of them wouldsay they believe in God. So why is the Gospel of Love dividing America? Read Article The Pinnacle of Power: What I saw at the U2 concert by Andy Crouch Sometime in high school, I acquired the idea that attending a rock concert, for a middle-class kid anyway, was a transgressive act. It was a step out of the sedate norms of suburban life into an exhilarating, dangerous netherworld, an intoxicating haze of smoke, primal rhythms, and throbbing sensuality—throwing off the shackles of predictable conformity and throwing down the gauntlet of rebellion. Read Article God Hearts Design by Jose and Nikolle Reyes Everyone gets 'good' and 'true', but what about 'beautiful'? Just a few weeks ago, we found ourselves in Chicago. We strolled through Grant park with its many amazing sculptures, admired the architecture up and down the river—and pretty much bad-mouthed our little town of five million to the south—Atlanta. Read Article Beauty In Culture by Makoto Fujimura What is beauty and how should we perceive it in a culture dominated by cosmetic appearance? This is the question that world-renowned artist Mako Fujimura ponders in this talk. His experience as a master of Japanese techniques, founder of The International Arts Movement, and resident of Ground Zero on that fateful day positions Mako to uniquely meditate on the nature of beauty in art, in culture, and even in tragedy. Listen as he discusses the problem, the paradox, and the presence of beauty. View Video Fringe by Jose and Nikolle Reyes Fringe is about art—about crossing social, cultural, and ethnic divides through music by purposely melding worlds to create something entirely new. Fringe puts gifted composers, musicians, and visual artists together to showcase their talent in a fresh experience of the arts. Hear Audio Storytelling in Film by Christopher Silber The film industry is argued to be the great art of the 20th century. Within every film there is a unique story being told. Christopher Silber is an experienced screen-writer who explains how to develop a great story and capture it on camera. Hear Audio Signs Of Life by Josh Jackson How do we live “in the world” without being “of the world”? The creators of Paste Magazine are on a pursuit to find goodness, truth and beauty and share that with the world. Consider learning from creations that are not declared Christian, but may offer a sign of life in our culture. View Video Narrative Expressions by Donald Miller The larger story can be seen everywhere. Yet, we as individuals have a difficult time understanding where we connect to that story. Hear the personal journey of a successful writer struggling to understand his unique role in positively contributing to the larger creation. View Video Signs Of Life: Finding The Good, True & Beautiful In Popular Culture by Josh Jackson and Nick Purdy We live in a fallen world -- ruled at times by commercialism, vulgarity, violence, cynicism, vapidity and celebrity-worship -- but goodness, truth and beauty always make their way to the surface. Become a connoisseur of the good and find, celebrate and cultivate this kind of expression in your community. Read Essay Hip-Hop Culture by Jeff Johnson The Hip-Hop phenomenon has evolved into an international language, spoken on every continent in the world. BET's Jeff Johnson masterfully weaves together the story of the church, racism, God, creativity, and global concern. View Video © 2013 Q | About | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | RSS Feed 