 Menu  How to write Language Arts Lesson Plans based on Literature Related Pages Back to Homeschool Language Arts Sitemap Use The Hobbit to teach integrated Language Arts Illustrated Handwriting Printable Worksheets now available to use with The Hobbit E-book What are Homeschool language arts lesson plans based on literature? What does it look like and how do you write them? Learning Language arts through literature is using literature as a base to teach handwriting, spelling, writing techniques, grammar and punctuation . This is done by selecting a model of excellent literature and drawing all the aspects of language arts from this. This can be used as a complete homeschool language arts curriculum which you create. Ten Day Outline Copywork Spelling Grammar Dictation KeyWord Outline Working with Words Working with Style Proof-reading Re-writing Final Copy - Present and Publish In order to write Language Arts lesson plans based on literature, you first need to select the finest literature as a model. An excerpt from a children’s classic book is a wonderful place to begin. What is a classic? It can be defined as a book which enriches the child’s imagination, stirs the emotions, and places them in another time and place. It is one which lives out the lives, thoughts, motives and dilemmas of interesting characters. It is one which is written beautifully, creating characters of depth, places of wonder, and worlds that are dreamt about. It is a classic when it deserves to read and re-read, and enjoyed each time. Children's classic books are a model of excellent literature; they model for us what good writing should look like; they model depth of character; they model exciting plots and they use a range of interesting literary devices. For this reason, the classic books&#xa0;are an excellent starting point for any and every author. In choosing literature to use as a model, I would encourage you not to choose a random excerpt, but rather choose a book as a whole . Read the book aloud, savour and enjoy it. Then, and only then, should you look at the wonderful devices you have found in the book which you love. There's nothing worse than reading one good passage from a book and pulling it apart without knowing it in its entirety. I would hate to ruin excellent literature by doing this and I know that from my own schooling, our English Literature studies was far more about pulling an excerpt apart and critiquing it, without ever enjoying it. Please, take care not to do this! How? Enjoy it first! Read it; have fun with the character voices; live with the characters; laugh and cry with them. Then, challenge your child to look at the writing in "wonder." "How did Mr Tolkien write so well? Let's see how he did it and let's try to copy what he did!" Once you have enjoyed the book, then choose some pieces of literature from it. Choose them for their literary devices (descriptions, poetry, use of dialogue, use of metaphors). Now.... how do you write language arts lesson plans based on these excerpts? I have written them as "Days", but sometimes the work involved in the language arts activities will take longer than a day. Day One: Copywork Copy the selection carefully. Use cursive or printing. Decorate it if you wish. Day Two: Spelling Choose appropriate spelling words from the copied paragraph or selection. List spelling rules which the words follow. Find&#xa0;other words which also use the same rule. Day Three: Grammar Discuss the grammar of the passage. Use different colours to identify nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs and so on. You may also wish to diagram the sentences. Does the author use prepositional phrases? Write the grammar definitions. Also look at the punctuation in the passage. (How is the dialogue punctuated? How does the author write a list? How is each sentence begun and finished?) Day Four : Dictation Use the copywork from Day One as a dictation exercise. Day Five: KeyWord Outline Remove all the flowery, descriptive parts out of the passage so you are left with the barebones of the passage. Write an outline of the plot or description. Use only a few keywords to capture what the main points are. Day Six: Working with Words Now, build on the keyword outline from Day Five. Add interesting verbs, dual verbs, nouns, pronouns, adjectives, adverbs. Create an interest filled paragraph. You can either choose to stay as close to the original as possible, or choose to make it into your own creative work - using your own characters etc. Day Seven: Working with Style Review your paragraph from Day Six and focus on improving sentence openers, using prepositional phrases, using adverbial&#xa0;and adjectival clauses, using metaphors and similes. You may add dialogue. Day Eight: Proofreading Review your work. Does it need refining? Have you chosen words rich with meaning? Does it create a picture in your reader's mind? Check punctuation of sentences? Day Nine: Re-writing Copy the final paragraph neatly in cursive or printing. Where will you display this? Do you have a special folder or book? Day Ten: Final Copy Show your final copy. Read it aloud to your family. Publish it. Why not add it to the Homeschool Gallery on my site?&#xa0; We'd love to see your work. I have used this Ten Day model when writing my 200+ page e-book, Modeling the Classics: Language Arts Lesson Plans from the Hobbit . Preview the e-book now! Modeling the Classics - Teaching Descriptive Writing . Read more here. You can also see language arts lesson plans I have created using modeling. Each lesson plan focuses on a particular stylistic element. These lesson plans are condensed versions of what I have described on this page. They cover some, but not all language arts. Where to from here? Read more about Language Arts Lesson Plans in How to Teach Writing Go to the Language Arts Sitemap Join in! Comments Have your say about what you just read! Leave me a comment in the box below.    We Offer More Than Just Homeschool Curriculum ! Check Out Our: Homeschooling Guide Curriculum Reviews Online Writing Courses Homeschool Life: As it happens... Homeschooling Boys? Read about marbles, playing with speakers, football games, making a hovercraft ... Cool science experiments, Matchstick rockets, electromagnets, silkworm, stick insects and playing with goo... Raising Life Long Learners Being taught in a classroom with a bunch of other students is not the same thing as becoming a lifelong learner. When we focus on each child's passions....&#xa0; Benefits of Homeschooling by&#xa0;Bekki&#xa0; Get Organized? Best Resources:&#xa0; This one of my favourite "how to homeschool" books; We have read this over and over, discussed it as a support group; It is well loved, dog-eared and highlighted! Enter Your E-mail Address Enter Your First Name (optional) Then Don&#39;t worry &mdash; your e-mail address is totally secure.  I promise to use it only to send you Keep on Track. Follow Us!  Home Homeschool Giveaway Homeschool Guide Step One Homeschool Goals Step Two Your Curriculum Curriculum Reviews Step Three The Subjects Bible Art History Language Arts Science Math Music Foreign Language Computer Business Step Four Homeschool Approach Unit Study Delight Directed Charlotte Mason Classical TJEd Textbook Online HomeSchool Self Directed Step Five Design Your Approach Step Six Get Organized Homeschool Planners Step Seven Support Groups Add your Group Resource Ideas Homeschool Resources Learning Stages High School Printables My TOP TEN DYH Products Inspire Us! Kids Gallery More.. Aussie Homeschooling Question Forum My Website Diary Sitemap Homeschool Articles Homeschool Blogs Advertise About Privacy Policy  Advertise | Privacy Policy / Disclosure | Affiliate Program By Marianne Vanderkolk Copyright&copy; 2006-2013 www.design-your-homeschool.com 