  www.donationline.com Bookmark Site 1-877-227-7487 Sell Your Car Fast and Hassle Free with Donation Line Request Quote! Selling -vs- Donating Questions &amp; Answers Home Car Selling Make: Model: Zip Code: Sell Your Car for Cash When your vehicle is no longer serving its purpose, you may consider selling your car. However, it is sometimes difficult to Sell Your Car for Cash especially if it has mechanical or cosmetic issues. In fact, if your car is old or is not in the best condition, it may not sell if you advertise in the newspaper or online. Fortunately, we offer junk a car disposal services, and will pay you cash for junk cars. To learn more about how to junk a car, consult the following frequently asked questions about junk car disposal. Or simply call us toll free at 877-227-7487 or complete the Request A Quote form. Frequently Asked Questions Q: Who is Donation Line, LLC? A: Since 2000 Donation Line, LLC, has acted as an administrative agent for non-profit organizations seeking vehicle donations. With over 12 years of experience we administer a very specialized fundraising program where individuals donate vehicles of all sorts to our 501-C non-profit charity clients. Due to difficult economic times and the fact that many taxpayers do not itemize their tax deductions we have expanded our services to include purchasing vehicles directly from individuals for cash. Given our expertise developed selling vehicles for charities we can offer high prices and a very efficient process. Donation Line is an accredited Better Business Bureau business with a A+ rating, the highest rating possible. Q: How do I know if I should sell a car or junk a car? A: If your car is in decent condition and does not have any serious cosmetic or functional problems, you may be able to sell your car without much trouble. However, if your car is not in good condition or is an older model, it may be more beneficial to junk your car and sell it for parts or salvage. It will also be much faster and more convenient to sell the car for scrap than to try to sell it to a private buyer. We buy junk cars, trucks, and SUVs in any condition. Q: What sorts of vehicles can I sell for scrap? A: You can sell virtually any vehicle for scrap including trucks, vans, cars, and SUVs. You can junk your car whether or not it is in running condition. Q: Do I need a title to junk my car? A: In many states You can sell your car for scrap even if you have lost your title. If you can prove ownership with an old registration and drivers license you can often sell your car for junk without a title. We cannot accept abandoned vehicles. Q: Can I junk my car if I lost the car's registration? A: You must typically have your registration in order to junk a car or some method be prove that you are the owner of the vehicle. Duplicate titles can be obtain from your DMV for a small fee if necessary. Q: Do I need to have my keys to junk my car? A: In most cases, you do not need to have your keys to get cash for junk cars. Because junk cars will not be driven again, the keys are not usually necessary. Q: Can I junk a car if I do not own it? A:We cannot accept abandoned vehicles. However, if your in possession of the car's title, and the owner sign it it should not be a problem. Q: Can I junk a car if it was abandoned on my property? A: We do not accept abandoned vehicles. Q: How much are junk cars worth? A: When you sell your car for parts, the return will vary considerably based on several different factors. A vehicle with all of its parts intact will typically bring in more money. The amount of cash for junk cars you can earn also depends on the vehicle's make and model.Call Now for a Quote. Q: Must I be present when the scrap car is picked up? A: You do not necessarily have to be there when a tower picks up your scrap car. However, you must make arrangements in advance if you won't be present at the pick-up. Q: Will you buy junk cars that were damaged in accidents? A: We are usually willing to buy junk cars regardless of whether they have been damaged. However, the price of a scrap car may be affected if the car is in poor condition. Q: Can I sell my car online? A: Many people try to sell their car online using popular sites such as eBay or Craigslist. This is often a slow and frustating process which brings you in contact with people who may try to scam you or worse. Important Links Below are some reference links which may be helpful as you explore how you can sell cars for scrap: Selling a Vehicle Selling for Junk Scrap Titles Replacing a Lost Registration Kelley Blue Book Abandoned Vehicles  Home Donate Car Car Selling FAQ Sell Junk Car Kelly Blue Book Cash for Junk Cars Junk Car Removal Sell Your Car Online Guide to Selling Car Online Junk Car Buyers Sell My Car Scrap Cars Sell Car By State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Sell Car by Vehicle Make Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Daihatsu Datsun Dodge Eagle Fiat Ford Geo GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti International Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes Benz Mercury MG Mitsubishi Nash Nissan Oldsmobile Opel Peugot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Saab Saturn Scion Sterling Studebaker Subaru Suzuki Toyota Triumph Volkswagen Volvo Share Facebook Twitter Linked In Email Need Help? Call 1-877-227-7487 Facebook Page Privacy Policy | Sitemap Copyright &#169; 2001-2012 DonationLine.com LLC. Graphics &amp; Web Design by JJM Design. B5 All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on donationline.com are the property of their respective owners.  