  Meeting Professionals Login Travel Trade Login Media Room Login Membership Login English Español 中文 日本語 한국어 My LA Login Discover Los Angeles Search form Search  What To Do Close Menu Browse All Categories → Restaurants Nightlife Culture Sports Activities Events Find Things To Do Whether you are looking for the newest designer couture or the best place to eat fish tacos while soaking in the SoCal sun. Los Angeles is a city of endless entertainment. Start Exploring Select a Category Activities Culture Events Hotels Nightlife Restaurants Sports Tours & Sightseeing Select a Region Beach Cities / LAX Beverly Hills Downtown / LA Metro Hollywood Neighboring Regions Pasadena Santa Monica The Valley West Hollywood Westside How To Explore Close Menu Browse All Categories → Regions Getting Here Getting Around Itineraries &amp; Guides Photo of the Day LA Heritage Find Things To Do Whether you are looking for the newest designer couture or the best place to eat fish tacos while soaking in the SoCal sun. Los Angeles is a city of endless entertainment. Start Exploring Select a Category Activities Culture Events Hotels Nightlife Restaurants Sports Tours & Sightseeing Select a Region Beach Cities / LAX Beverly Hills Downtown / LA Metro Hollywood Neighboring Regions Pasadena Santa Monica The Valley West Hollywood Westside Where To Stay Close Menu Browse All Categories → Family Hotels Value Hotels Hip Hotels Luxury Hotels Historic Hotels Business Hotels Find hotels  Classical to Cutting Edge Culture  Museums & Galleries Music Theatre & Dance Architecture & Gardens Urban Art Film & Television Fashion Literary LA One of the best ways to experience Los Angeles is by visiting its incredible cultural attractions. LA has more museums and theaters than any U.S. city, and a thriving music and gallery scene. An LA Philharmonic performance at Walt Disney Concert Hall is a must-see, as well as an outdoor concert at the Hollywood Bowl and shows at other famous music venues. LA’s world class museums include the stunning Getty Center in Brentwood and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art on Museum Row. Monthly artwalks take place throughout the city, including popular events in Downtown LA and Venice Beach. And of course, when it comes to film and television, LA is the entertainment capital of the world. Click here to view US Airways' feature on LA's arts and culture.  Back To Top Museums & Galleries  Los Angeles has more museums than any city in America. World class cultural attractions are located in Downtown LA’s Exposition Park and Museum Row on Wilshire Blvd. The renowned collections of the J. Paul Getty Museum can be viewed at the Getty Center and Getty Villa. Pasadena is home to the Norton Simon Museum and the Pacific Asia Museum, while history buffs can tour the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library & Museum. LA’s gallery scene can be experienced in Chinatown, Bergamot Station and the NoHo Arts District, as well as monthly artwalks. Find out about LA's best museums and galleries. Read More &rarr; Related article Ten Masterpieces You Wouldn&#039;t Expect to Find in Los Angeles article 100 Free Things to Do in Los Angeles: Free Museums article Top 10 Must Sees &amp; Hidden Gems of the Space Shuttle Endeavour guide Restaurants Near Los Angeles Museums guide Hidden Gems in Pasadena Back To Top Music There’s nothing like a concert in Los Angeles, whether it’s a stadium show or intimate jazz session. LA’s world class venues include Walt Disney Concert Hall, Nokia Theatre, Dolby Theatre, the Wiltern and the Palladium. LA’s weather is perfect for outdoor concerts at the Hollywood Bowl, Greek Theatre and John Anson Ford Theatre. Smaller clubs like Conga Room and House of Blues Sunset Strip also present live music. Free concerts include Grand Performances, Music Spotlight Series, and Twilight Dance Series. Tune in to LA Tourism for the best Los Angeles music events, festivals and concerts... Read More &rarr; Related guide The Guide to Outdoor Music in Los Angeles article LA&#039;s Hottest Concerts guide Fall Concerts and Events in Los Angeles guide Discover Los Angeles Music Car Free article My Tunes: LA for the Music Junkie Back To Top Theatre & Dance There are more theaters in Los Angeles than any U.S. city, and more annual productions than any city in the world. Dance productions range from classic to avant-garde. Hollywood’s Pantages Theatre presents all-time Broadway hits. Center Theatre Group One is of the nation’s largest theatre companies, with programs at the Mark Taper Forum, Ahmanson Theatre and Kirk Douglas Theatre. KDMC is one of the largest West Coast presenters of dance, while REDCAT is a creative laboratory that nurtures cutting-edge artists. Browse LA Tourism’s listings for a memorable night of Los Angeles theatre and... Read More &rarr; Related guide Fall Concerts and Events in Los Angeles article Getting to Know the NoHo Arts District article Los Angeles for Dance Lovers article Los Angeles Theaters Starring in the Movies event The Wizard of Oz Back To Top Architecture & Gardens  The Los Angeles landscape is filled with architectural masterpieces and wonderful lush gardens. Pritzker Prize winning architects designed icons like Walt Disney Concert Hall, the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels, Broad Contemporary Art Museum, and the Getty Center. Frank Lloyd Wright designed LA landmarks including the Hollyhock House and the Ennis House. LA’s urban oases include Descanso Gardens, the Huntington Library, Exposition Park’s Rose Garden, and the Getty Center’s Central Garden. Experience LA’s architectural landmarks and beautiful gardens with LA Tourism. Read More &rarr; Related article LA Parks and Gardens article The 3 Day Weekend Getaway Guide to Los Angeles guide Griffith Park Must Sees article Moby&#039;s Los Angeles Architecture article LA&#039;s Cutting Edge Architecture Back To Top Urban Art  Los Angeles has some of the best urban art in the country, with over 1,600 murals that teach history and celebrate cultural diversity. The Chandler Outdoor Gallery is a mural collection in the NoHo Arts District. Hollywood’s urban art includes “You Are the Star” and “Dolores del Rio.” In Downtown LA, “The Pope of Broadway” depicts a dancing Anthony Quinn, while East LA’s “Los Angeles Teachers” features Edward James Olmos and Jaime Escalante. Metro's Art Department has commissioned over 300 artworks for LA County transportation projects. Find LA’s best urban art with LA Tourism’s guide. Read More &rarr; Related article Los Angeles Murals: Red Line Tour article Metro Public Art in Los Angeles: Art of the Purple Line article Los Angeles Art Walks article Downtown LA Art Walk: An Explosion of Urban Culture article Things to Do in Venice, California Back To Top Film & Television  Los Angeles locations have made countless appearances in films and TV episodes. Downtown LA’s City Hall, Union Station, Millennium Biltmore Hotel and the Bradbury Building have been featured for decades. Historic Hollywood locations include the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel and Musso & Frank Grill. LA’s natural locations includes Santa Monica beach and Vasquez Rocks, while legendary studios offer must-see tours for fans. And a sure way to get on TV is to attend a taping of a game show or talk show. Los Angeles film and TV locations are everywhere, find them with LA Tourism. Read More &rarr; Related guide The Guide to Outdoor Movies in Los Angeles article Walk in Oscar&#039;s Footsteps: Top 10 Los Angeles Outdoor Film Locations guide Mad Men Locations in Los Angeles article Los Angeles Locations in &quot;Argo&quot; article Top Comedy Shows Filmed in Los Angeles Back To Top Fashion  Los Angeles has always been ahead of the fashion curve. Downtown LA’s Fashion District is one of the world’s best shopping areas for cutting edge fashion and bargains. Stroll La Brea Avenue and West Third Street for trendy gear and vintage clothing. Rodeo Drive is a couture mecca, while mere mortals can shop with the stars on Robertson Blvd. Ventura Blvd. is a hotspot for vintage and high end fashion alike. Future fashion superstars are being created today at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising. Start turning heads with LA Tourism’s guide to the best of LA fashion. Read More &rarr; Related article Los Angeles Shopping Neighborhoods article Only in LA Shopping article LA Fashion District Guide: Info, Tips and Where to Shop article Los Angeles Malls Back To Top Literary LA From literary icons to unique bookstores, Los Angeles is one of the best cities in the country for book fans. Despite LA’s sunny weather, some of its most famous characters were at home in the night, such as Raymond Chandler’s Philip Marlowe and James M. Cain’s characters. The heirs to Chandler and Cain include Michael Connelly and Walter Mosley. John Fante’s Ask the Dust takes place in Bunker Hill, and influenced Charles Bukowski. The LA Times Festival of Books welcomes thousands for a celebration of the written word. Read on for LA Tourism’s guide to the best of literary Los Angeles. Read More &rarr; Related article LA&#039;s Literary Landmarks article Browse LA&#039;s World Class Libraries article The Book Lover&#039;s Guide To Los Angeles article Abbot Kinney Boulevard Shopping: Boutique Stores, Bookshops and Galleries event 1450 Ocean: Blue Plate Special: Writing about Food with Charles Hood  What To Do Restaurants Nightlife Culture Sports Activities Events Deals How To Explore Regions Getting Here Getting Around Itineraries &amp; Guides Photo of the Day LA Heritage News &amp; Blogs Where To Stay Family Hotels Value Hotels Hip Hotels Luxury Hotels Historic Hotels Business Hotels LA Tourism Meeting Professionals Travel Trade Media Room Membership Research About Us Email Sign Up  Partners    &copy; 2013 LA Tourism & Convention Board. Privacy Policy Collapse Expand 84&thinsp;° Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest My LA Experience Browser Book a Hotel Travel Guides  