 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! Answers  Search Answers Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback Yahoo!  Home Browse Categories Arts &amp; Humanities Beauty &amp; Style Business &amp; Finance Cars &amp; Transportation Computers &amp; Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education &amp; Reference Entertainment &amp; Music Environment Family &amp; Relationships Food &amp; Drink Games &amp; Recreation Health Home &amp; Garden Local Businesses News &amp; Events Pets Politics &amp; Government Pregnancy &amp; Parenting Science &amp; Mathematics Social Science Society &amp; Culture Sports Travel Yahoo! Products My Activity Sorry, you need to be Signed in to see this. Not a member? Join Here . About How Answers Works Points & Levels Community Guidelines Leaderboard Suggestion Board Answers Blog  Ask What would you like to ask?  Answer Discover What are you looking for? Advanced Search Home &gt; All Categories &gt; Cars &amp; Transportation &gt; Car Makes &gt; Other - Car Makes &gt; Resolved Question Susan W Member since: July 24, 2008 Total points: 98 (Level 1) Add Contact Block Resolved Question Show me another &raquo; Which is the hottest convertible sports car for sale? 5 years ago Report Abuse  by Brenda W Member since: July 24, 2008 Total points: 114 (Level 1) Add Contact Block Best Answer - Chosen by Asker I am no car expert but this is what I found out from the net. Toyota Camry Solara is one of the hottest convertible sports car for sale. It is 190 inches to 191.5 inches in length, 71.1 inches in width, and 55.1 inches to 55.5 inches in height with a wheelbase of 105.1 inches. Its fuel capacity is 18.5 galloons. It is manufactured from 1999 to 2003 and was assembled in Cambridge and in Ontario, Canada. It has SXV-20 (I4) or CV-20 (V6) platform. Its engine could be 2.2 L 5S-FE I4 or 3.0 L 1MZ-FE V6. It has two modes of transmissions which are 4-speed automatic and 5-speed manual. Joining the list of the convertible sports car for sale is the Cadillac Fleetwood which has both sedan and coupe or convertible versions which differ in body type. The sedan is a 4–door while the convertible is a 2-door. Another coupe in the convertible sports car for sale list is Saab 9-3 (pronounced &quot;nine three&quot;), which is badged as 93. It has both hatchback and coupe or convertible versions which differ in body type. The convertible is a 2-door while the hatchback may be a 3-door or a 5-door. Source(s): http://mysportscarslive.com/sportscarsarticles/convertible-sports-car-for-sale.php 5 years ago Report Abuse Asker's Rating: Asker's Comment: I think the Saab 9-3 with the 2-door is hot. But good point on considering the hybrid sports car http://mysportscarslive.com/sportscarsarticles/hybrid-sports-car.php 0 stars - mark this as Interesting! Email Comment ( 0 ) Save Add to My Yahoo! Add to Del.icio.us RSS  There are currently no comments for this question. * You must be logged into Answers to add comments. Sign in or Register . Other Answers (5) Show: All Answers Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Rated Highest to Lowest by Arnold S Member since: July 24, 2008 Total points: 102 (Level 1) Add Contact Block I prefer a closed top especially in a sports car. you get less body flexing in corners and no wind noice at high speeds. In my opinion get a Porsche 911 Turbo for everyday fun or a Ferrari F430 as a weekend toy ;) 5 years ago Report Abuse by tricky Member since: March 25, 2007 Total points: 68,299 (Level 7) Badge Image: Add Contact Block One of my favs and lesser know is the Nissan Varietta. http://varietta.blogspot.com/ http://www.s-w.co.jp/varietta/bbs4/image… 5 years ago Report Abuse by Exohhh Member since: March 27, 2008 Total points: 2,533 (Level 4) Add Contact Block Why would you want something everyone else has? BMW&#039;s are so ugly-they are all crunched up! Boxsters you see everyone driving. Mercedes are getting a little bit old. Lambo Gallardo Spyder most likely or the new higher-end Porsche convertibles. 5 years ago Report Abuse by Paul Member since: July 21, 2008 Total points: 460 (Level 2) Add Contact Block The BMW Z4 M MSRP $50,400 In my opinion this is one of the hottest convertibles you can buy, sexy, fast, and elegant. 5 years ago Report Abuse by C7S Member since: November 18, 2006 Total points: 136,014 (Level 7) Add Contact Block The Most popular is the Mazda MX-5 and Porsche Boxster. Those two are the class leaders. 5 years ago Report Abuse Discover Questions in Other - Car Makes What kind of car is this? Does just water come out your tailpipe with a blown head gasket or the antifreeze mix? Which gearbox is better? Thoughts about Lamborghini Veneno? Ready to Participate? Get Started! Trending Now 1 Wolf attack 2 Paula Patton 3 Paula Deen 4 McDonald's wings 5 Destroyers Syria 6 Kyrgyzstan bubonic plague 7 African serval cat 8 French fry burger 9 Mars and moon 10 Fort Hood sentencing Categories All Categories Cars &amp; Transportation Car Makes Acura Alfa Romeo Audi BMW Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dodge Fiat Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jeep Lancia Lexus Lincoln Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Maruti Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Other - Car Makes Peugeot Pontiac Porsche Renault Saab Scion Seat Skoda Subaru Suzuki Tata Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Who found this interesting?  Be the first person to mark this question as interesting! Answers International Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Philippines Quebec Singapore South Korea Spain Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States Vietnam en Español Yahoo! does not evaluate or guarantee the accuracy of any Yahoo! Answers content. Click here for the Full Disclaimer. Help us improve Yahoo! Answers. Send Feedback Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright/IP Policy - Privacy Policy - About Our Ads - Terms of Service - Community Guidelines - Safety Tips 