 Track Google Rankings plugin provided by seo . News Feed Comments Home Staff Ben Gogna John Glidden Ryan Tucker Paul Quiroga Rachel Sison Christine Butler Erin Fritz About The Tempest Journalism classes at Solano Community College Calendar Advertise Display Advertising Classifieds  News Briefs On campus Top Stories Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Swimming &amp; Diving Volleyball Women&#8217;s Soccer Opinion Features Arts &amp; Entertainment Books Games Movies Music Theater Video Cartoons Cartoons Career Letter to editor Editorial The Tempest &gt; Arts &amp; Entertainment &gt; &#8220;The Muppets&#8221; has humor and heart &#8220;The Muppets&#8221; has humor and heart Photo Credit: Walt Disney Pictures "The Muppets" is a good trip down memory lane for adults and a good introduction for kids. Related Content Last 5 stories in Arts &amp; Entertainment Former SCC film student chosen for ACE internship - May 15, 2013 “Gangster Squad” is cliché but fun - May 15, 2013 “Injustice” a gaming gem for the summer - May 15, 2013 The Resurrection Of Scott Mescudi: Indicud Review - May 1, 2013 Sound the hunting horn! with “Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate” - May 1, 2013 Other stories that might interest you... Jim takes another shot at a serious role Takers takes on the box office Sparks&#8217; latest tear jerking hit &#8220;Paranormal Activity 3&#8243; has interesting visuals but few new ideas Kanye West loses more than his soul Nick Sestanovich, A & E Editor December 5, 2011 Filed under Arts &amp; Entertainment , Movies , Reviews , Top Stories    The Muppets need no introduction. Actually, just saying that is too much of an introduction. Through their witty in-jokes and endearing personalities, Jim Henson’s titular creations have remained a valuable part of pop culture in both film and television. Their popularity has managed to continue 21 years after Henson’s death.    Well, that’s not entirely true. While the Muppets haven’t exactly disappeared (They’ve done a few TV specials and viral videos ), they haven’t had a major presence in the last decade or so. Writer Nicholas Stoller and actor Jason Segel (“Forgetting Sarah Marshall ”) used that notion for the characters’ seventh theatrical release, “The Muppets.” The movie about an attempt to revive the Muppets, manages to do just that. Segel and Stoller have crafted a story that’s sweet, funny, and engaging. In other words, it’s a Muppet product.    The story centers around Gary (Segel) and his adopted Muppet brother, Walter, who’s become a fan of his own kind through repeats of “The Muppet Show.” Gary, who’s been planning to go to Los Angeles with his girlfriend Mary (Amy Adams), uses this as an opportunity to take Walter to the Muppet Studios. There, they find the studios are abandoned, and the characters have gone their separate ways. Walter tracks down the home of Kermit the Frog, and his enthusiasm for his work convinces Kermit to get the group back together for one telecast. Meanwhile, wealthy businessman Tex Richman (Chris Cooper) plans to demolish the studios so he can drill for oil. (If you’re groaning at this synopsis, trust me. It’s much better than it sounds, and Cooper plays the villain strictly for laughs.)    The gang’s all here: Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear, Gonzo, Swedish Chef, Rowlf, Animal, and so on. Seeing these characters again will definitely bring back fond memories to those who grew up with them, and the script certainly plays to their strengths. If you’re a fan of the Muppets’ brand of tongue-in-cheek fourth wall humor, this movie is full of it. One of the best running gags features Richman getting his cronies to laugh evilly by saying “Maniacal laugh!” Adults should also find amusement in the many celebrity cameos, including Jack Black, Alan Arkin, Neil Patrick Harris, Mickey Rooney, Whoopi Goldberg, and many others, though their appearances are brief (Only Black is given a significant role).    However, there are a few problems, albeit rather minor ones. One is the sheer abundance of songs. I know it’s a Muppet movie and the songs themselves aren’t bad (In fact, I’d be surprised if “Life’s a Happy Song” didn’t get an Oscar nomination), but a few are simply unnecessary, like “Me Party,” which is so short and unspectacular that the scene didn’t justify a musical number, and Richman’s rap song about money, which is followed up by Kermit asking “Couldn’t you have just said that?” It’s a cute joke, but the sequence felt more like a DVD bonus feature than something that needed to be in the movie. Thankfully, there’s a barbershop quartet version of Nirvana’s “Smells like Teen Spirit” and the always welcome “Rainbow Connection” to make up for it.    The other problem was with the ending. Without giving anything away, it felt like the writers had several different ideas for the ending and decided to use all of them. The result is a rushed ending with too much going on that starts to test one’s patience after a while.    Apart from those flaws, “The Muppets” is a richly entertaining and often heartwarming movie that reminds you just how appealing these characters are, even if you’ve completely forgotten. Kids will enjoy it and adults will feel like kids again (in a good way), which is the mark of a successful family film. It definitely does justice to its brand name, and if you’re part of that crowd who thinks you’re too cool for “The Muppets,” just listen to the words of Sam the Eagle: “You are all weirdos!” ' displayText='share'> Comments Tags: Jim Henson , Kermit the Frog , movie review , Muppets , reviews Comments In the interest of fair play, no personal attacks are permitted in this newspaper's comments. You may question or argue the content, but not attack the commenter. Failure to adhere to these guidelines result in removal and blocked access. Feel free to leave a comment... and oh, if you want a pic to show with your comment, go get a gravatar ! Name (required) Email Address (required) Website Speak your mind Click to cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail Events August 31, 2013 – No School- Labor Day Weekend N/A September 13, 2013 – Club Promo Day 9:00 am Career Student worker wanted; local hotel is hiring; jobs with the county; internship opportunity More job postings from the SCC Career Center:-Staybridge Suites Fairfield-Napa Valley Hotel, located at 4775 Business Center Drive, Fairfield, CA 94534 is hiring laundry/maid... read story August 21, 2013 &bull; 0 comments PG&amp;E Opportunities for recent college grads PG&amp;E is offering opportunites for recent college graduates. For more information on their two programs Engineer Rotation Development  and Managers In Training (MIT)  can... read story August 20, 2013 &bull; 0 comments MIS technician needed August 19, 2013 Electro-Mechanic journeyman, Fairfield August 13, 2013 PT secretarial assistant, Napa August 13, 2013 View All &raquo; Get Your Comment On Dave Brannen on Supporters attempt to drum up last minute support for Measure Q bgogna on SCC programs threatened Jeff Whalen on Bookstore workers will keep jobs F. Dark on The ASSC Speaks raymond dean on &#8220;Karas&#8221; is not your typical anime Recent Posts Elysium makes its political statement Late-start classes offered Student worker wanted; local hotel is hiring; jobs with the county; internship opportunity Don't want to miss an issue: Subscribe http://issuu.com/solanotempest Feedjit Live Traffic Feed Copyright &copy; 2013 &bull; The Tempest &bull; Herald Design by School Newspapers Online &bull; Log in  