      .  Culture, history, language, travel, and more!  . France Paris Provinces .  Welcome to DF.net! Academic Research Add Your Site Advertising Art &amp; Architecture Awards Books &amp; Maps Chat Children Climate Communications Consulate Info Copyrights Cuisine Dictionaries Economy Education Facts &amp; Figures Flora &amp; Fauna Government Health History Holidays Land &amp; Topography Language Literature Lodging Movies Museums Music News Articles People Postal Services Print Media Radio &amp; TV Resources Sports &amp; Recreation Study Abroad Theatre Tourism Transportation Videos Waterways Weights &amp; Measures Wines Other Links ------------- Site Map Pull down window to select topic, then click GO!   Enter your e-mail address to receive updates about DiscoverFrance.net!  visiteur num&eacute;ro    Click above to search this site or the Internet.  Click above for optional background music while you browse!  Click above to see random quotations!   FRENCH LITERATURE  "A word is a bud attempting to become a twig. How can one not dream while writing? It is the pen which dreams. The blank page gives the right to dream." Gaston Bachelard (1884-1962), French scientist, philosopher, literary theorist. F rench literature,one of the world's most brilliant, has been for centuries animpressive facet of French civilization, an object of national pride,and a principal focus for feelings of national identity. Because theFrench are a literate people, passionately interested in questions oflanguage and in the exploration of ideas, the influence of Frenchintellectuals on the course of French history during the last threecenturies has been great, and remains so today. A high proportion ofEuropean literary trends have originated in France. The continuingprestige of literature in France is evidenced today by theinnumerable private societies devoted to individual authors and bythe large number of literary prizes awarded each year. A knowledge ofFrench literature, in short, is the key to an understanding of theFrench people. THE MIDDLE AGES F rench literaturebegan when writers started using the dialects that had evolved fromthe Latin spoken in the parts of the Roman Empire that would becomeFrance. Eventually, the dialect in popular use aroundParis gained supremacy over the others and by the 10th century wasvying with Latin for prestige. The 11th century witnessed theemergence of a literature in the French language in the form ofnumerous epic poems, called CHANSONS DE GESTE. These poems told ofthe heroic deeds of the knights fighting with or against Charlemagne.Of the more than 80 chansons remaining, the masterpiece is theCHANSON DE ROLAND (12th century), which narrates the death ofCharlemagne's nephew, Roland, in a rearguard action against theSaracens at Roncesvall&eacute;s in the Pyr&eacute;n&eacute;es.Exhibiting great skill in the differentiation of characters, thispoem contributed to the awakening of a French national consciousness. T he chansons werefollowed in the second half of the 12th century by the "romanscourtois", or tales of courtly love, which were written in verse inthe Romance tongue and were intended to be read aloud beforearistocratic audiences. Celebrating the heroism of knights fightingin honor of their ladies, many of these poems are set at KingArthur's court and are steeped in the Celtic mythology of Brittany,Cornwall, and Wales. Of particular importance was the Tristan andIseult cycle, which, in its powerful, semimystical evocation of alove as strong as death, inspired poets in every part of Europe.Eventually, it served as the basis for Richard Wagner's great operaTristan und Isolde (1865). The greatest poet in this tradition was Chr&eacute;tien de Troyes , author of Erec, Lancelot, andPerceval. The lais were very short romans courtois, a genre to which Marie de France contributed many delightful examples. Thesingle most significant medieval poem was the ROMAN DE LA ROSE, whosefirst 4,000 lines were written about 1230 by Guillaume deLorris in the courtly tradition; about 40 years later, Jean deMeung added 18,000 lines in a realistic, satirical vein. Theallegorical quest of the Rose (the Lady) was to remain influentialuntil the 17th century. O utside aristocraticcircles a very different type of literature flourished. The FABLIAUXwere short narratives in verse, simple, earthy, and bantering intone, sparing no one, least of all women or clergy. FABLES,allegorical stories in which animals were used to satirize humancharacteristics or to point to a moral, were equally popular, themost celebrated of this type being REYNARD THE FOX. T he greatest Frenchpoet of the late medieval period was Fran&ccedil;ois Villon -- thief, murderer, and prison inmate -- whose alternatelybitter, amusing, and deeply moving Testament (1461; Eng. trans.,1924) sounds a strangely modern note. In it are many examples of theBALLADE and the Rondeau, forms in which Villon demonstrated hismastery. T he Middle Ages alsosaw the development of history as a prose genre. Geoffroi de Villehardouin , in his Conquest of Constantinople (c.1207; Eng.trans., 1829), gave an eyewitness account of the sacking of theByzantine capital in 1204 by western crusaders en route to the HolyLand. Jean Sire de JOINVILLE acted as memorialist of Louis IX'sdisastrous crusade (1248-52) in Egypt, completing his entertainingHistoire de Saint Louis in 1309 (Eng. trans., 1807). Jean Froissart 's Chronicles (Eng. trans., 1523-25) vividly evokethe barbarities of the Hundred Years' War as it was fought between1325 and 1400. The Memoirs (1489-90, 1497-98; Eng. trans., 1596) ofPhilippe de Commynes, dealing with the reigns of Louis XI and CharlesVIII, reveal a truer historian, one more concerned with the hiddencauses of events than with mere chronicling. Jean Boorsch. Source: The New Grolier Multimedia Encyclopedia, Release #8, &copy;1996 Introduction to French Literature ||  The Middle Ages  The French Renaissance ||  The Triumph of Classicism  The French Enlightenment  19th Century ||  20th Century  Bibliography  French Literature Links:  Guillaume Apollinaire Official Website  College Boards/AP French Literature  Creative Quotations  Ecrits... vains  Librairie On Line (Paris)  Newsgroup: fr. rec. arts. litterature  Research Guide for the Study of Francophone Literature  Soci&eacute;t&eacute; Fran&ccedil;ois Villon   Nostradamus  Physician, Astrologer, Prophet  ( click here )    This ring site owned by DiscoverFrance.net  Features  Books &amp; Videos  Revisit the era of the "Lost Generation" in   Hemingway's Paris . Explore the fascinating history of the prophet from Provence,   Nostradamus .  Read the reviews of our carefully selected travel guides and recommended reading, then click to save 20-40% on   books you purchase, with the convenience of home delivery. Can't find your favorite French movies at the video store or library? Check out our selection of videotapes and DVDs featuring  French movie icons like Depardieu, Deneuve, Montand, and many more.  Then click to  save 10-30% on your own personal copy delivered to your door!  Submissions  Host your web page with us!  DiscoverFrance.net actively encourages topical submissions from students of French language &amp; culture, educators, seasoned  travelers, American expatriates, and natives of France. If you would like to share your experiences, knowledge or  research with thousands of our visitors and friends, please send  a note to the  webmaster !  Are you an individual or business with a web page on any topic  related to France -- arts, culture, entertainment, history,  language, tourism, etc. -- in English or French? Your site can  have an address of "www. discoverfrance. net/your_site" for less than $10 per month! Get more hits by affiliating with other  francophile sites. Tired of the Java commercial advertising windows and banners  imposed by the so-called "free" web page hosting services? At  DiscoverFrance.net, you can customize your page as you wish,  without any commercial requirements or programming inserted into  your HTML. Our web servers and Internet connections are fast ,  too. For more information, please contact our  sales staff!    Design and layout &copy;  1997-1999  All Rights Reserved  Comments, suggestions,  broken links?  The Wharton Group  and Ian C. Mills  The  Y29K - compliant computer  preferred by designers everywhere.  This site  recycled uses  electrons.  Please notify: Webmaster  Text copyrights are attributed to their respective sources throughout this site.   