 Welcome to CARQUEST Auto Parts Great people, great products, great prices! sm CARQUEST Auto Parts is proud to be a sponsor of iATN. We have received many positive comments from iATN members and we have also received valuable input regarding CARQUEST products and services - Thank You! CARQUEST began in 1974 with 100 auto parts stores. Today, there are over 3,000 Stores serving North America. CARQUEST is the premier supplier of replacement products, accessories, supplies and equipment for virtually all makes of automobiles, as well as light and heavy-duty trucks, off-road equipment, buses, recreational vehicles and agricultural equipment. Additionally, CARQUEST distributes and sells tools, equipment, chemicals, paint and accessories. CARQUEST is committed to providing auto parts and services of the highest quality and greatest value to its customers with products that meet or exceed original equipment specifications and performance. For the location of the CARQUEST Auto Parts Stores nearest you, call 1-800-492-PART or use our online store finder CARQUEST Tools & Equipment CARQUEST Tools & Equipment carries a comprehensive selection of tools, equipment and the latest diagnostic solutions available in the industry. From hand tools to lifts to the latest diagnostic equipment CARQUEST Tools & Equipment can provide you with the right selection to fit your needs. CARQUEST also provides affordable leasing options at competitive rates to help with the cash flow of your business. For the latest specials, visit the CARQUEST Tools & Equipment Catalog or contact your local CARQUEST Store for more information. CARQUEST Technical Institute World-Class Training for Professional Technicians As technology continues to evolve, training is more important than ever for technicians to stay on the cutting edge. CARQUEST Technical Institute (CTI) offers world-class technical training programs that provide technicians the ability to diagnose and repair todayĂ¯Â¿Â½s vehicles in a timely and profitable manner while making the learning experience more enjoyable. CTI provides a wide range of training and support programs in multiple formats to best fit individual needs. CTI has achieved ASE Certification as a provider of Continuing Automotive Service Education (CASE). Continuing Automotive Service Education (CASE) is a voluntary ASE certification program for training entities that provide continuing education to working automotive technicians. The National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation (NATEF) administers the program; the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) grants the certification. CTI is an established technical training leader in the aftermarket and recently received the prestigious Blue Seal of Excellence from ASE. Read more about these valuable CTI programs on http://www.ctitraining.org/ : Instructor Led Technical Courses are conducted around the country. CTI Business Solutions provides business management training. CTI Online provides technical e-courses, ASE Test Prep courses, and Technician Assessments. TECH-NET Professional Auto Service offers a Business Development Fund to purchase training. TECH-NET Professional Auto Service A Business Partnership that Drives Growth TECH-NET Professional Auto Service provides your business with solutions to exceed your customerĂ¯Â¿Â½s expectations. Utilizing these programs in your business will build confidence and trust in the services you perform and keep your customers coming back . TECH-NET Professional Auto Service is designed to create an association of service and repair facilities across North America with common goals and objectives. This comprehensive business, educational, and marketing toolkit has been developed to give independent auto service centers the ability to provide superior service combining high quality CARQUEST replacement parts with highly trained automotive technicians. For more information, please visit http://www.techauto.com/ CARQUEST Auto Parts Attn: Voice of the Customer 2635 E. Millbrook Road Raleigh, NC 27604 Phone: 1-877-735-2233 Write Us Visit: CARQUEST.com CARQUEST is an industry sponsor of the International Automotive Technicians' Network (iATN) . 