 [if lte IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" href="/shared/ie6.css" type="text/css" media="screen" title="" charset="utf-8"><![endif] Quick Links: Search FAQs Contact Us Site Map Alliance+ Traducir en Español Alliance College-Ready Public Schools About Overview Mission and Vision Core Values History and Timeline Leadership Board of Directors Young Professionals Board Senior Leadership Team Supporters Innovation Blended Learning for Alliance School Transformation (BLAST) "CollegeYES" Investing in Innovation (i3) The College-Ready Promise Los Angeles Math and Science Residency (LAMS) Schools Apply to an Alliance School Overview High Schools Middle Schools Enrollment FAQs Performance Performance Overview High School Performance Middle School Performance News & Updates Subscribe to Alliance Email Alerts Alliance in the News Archived Alerts and Newsletters Alliance Videos Get Involved Volunteer Attend an Alliance Event Donate Donate Enroll Careers Donate Volunteer Stay Informed Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment Design High School Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment High School is a free public charter school authorized by the Los Angeles Unified School District. Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment High School provides students in East Los Angeles with a college-ready curriculum that intersects with their interests in media arts and design. The school's goal is toensure that students have the knowledge and skills to excel in core subject areas and succeed in college, while promoting their interests and talents media arts and technology. Students are challenged to apply their skills through digital photography, film, animation, web design, broadcasting, music, and graphic design. Enrollment for Current School Year 370 students in grades 9-12 Date Opened August 2009 Address 113 South Rowan Avenue Los Angeles, CA 90063 See map Phone (323) 859-0750 Fax (323) 859-0758 Website: meadahs.org Apply in English or Spanish . Performance Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment High school achieved a 2012 Academic Performance Index (API) score of 684. CST results: 34% Advanced Proficient in English, 8% Advanced/Proficient in Math. For more on the school's 2011-2012 Performance Indicators, click here . Community Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment High School is located in East Los Angeles, in the neighborhood surrounding Garfield and Roosevelt High Schools. Demographics and Average Daily Attendance 99% Latino and 1% Asian, 22% English Language Learner (ELL) students, and 94% free or reduced meal program participants. Average daily attendance is 95%. Principal Profile Art Sanchez has been a high school administrator for the past fifteen years. He has served as an assistant principal, principal, and central office administrative director. He began his teaching career in 1988 as an English Language Learner instructor and physical education teacher. Mr. Sanchez was a head football coach prior to entering into school administration. Art received his bachelor&#8217;s degree in Physical Education from California State University, Los Angeles and his master of arts degree from Azusa Pacific University. 601 South Figueroa Street, 4th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90017 Phone: (213) 943-4930 Fax: (213) 943-4931 Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Powered by Edlio 