 American Towns Charleston West Virginia Nearby Towns Bancroft Dunbar Institute Tad Pinch Belle Saint Albans Hernshaw Blue Creek Alum Creek Elkview Poca All West Virginia Towns Explore Another Town AmericanTowns.com Log In Register Help Subscribe to our RSS Follow us on twitter Follow us on Facebook Email us Home Things To Do Things to Do Farmers&#039; Markets Movie Times, TV, DVDs Events this Weekend All Events Food &amp; Dining Restaurants Restaurant Coupons Farmers Markets Directory Directory Accountants Doctors Dentists Florists Moving / Storage Plumbers White Pages Zip Code TV Stations Travel &amp; Transit Travel &amp; Transit Car Rental Flights Gas Prices Hotels Maps Traffic / Trains Weather WiFi Community Life Community Life Events Calendar Community Profile Government Houses of Worship Clubs and Non-Profits Photos School Delays and Closings Schools, Libraries Obituaries Classifieds / Jobs Classifieds Jobs Coupons Restaurant Coupons News News Blogs and Tweets Photos Videos Real Estate Find a New Home Homes for Sale Find an Agent Apartments for Rent Insurance Mortgages Volunteering Volunteer Opportunities Volunteer Organizations Find Volunteers News Photos Blogs and Tweets Videos Charleston, WV &raquo; Charleston News &amp; Announcements &raquo; Arts and Entertainment Charleston WV West Virginia - Concerts, Theatre, Music, Galleries, Arts in Charleston WV Charleston Arts and Entertainment News Charleston Arts and Entertainment News Add Your News Select a Category Arts and Entertainment Business and Professional Clubs and Organizations Government and Politics Health and Fitness Real Estate Religion and Spirituality Restaurants Schools and Libraries Shops and Stores Sports and Recreation September Workshop to Focus on Historic Preservation, Environmentally Friendly Designs From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History CHARLESTON, W.V---Preservationists, architects, engineers, consultants and real estate professionals are invited to a two-day training workshop on how to combine historic preservation standards with environmentally friendly designs.The Leadership in Energy and Environmental ... Read More Former Governor Caperton Donates Sculpture to Clay Center in Honor of Late Sister From: Clay Center For The Arts And Sciences Of West Virginia Charleston, WV - A big birthday gift just made the Clay Center&rsquo;s 10th year even more memorable. Former Governor Gaston Caperton unveiled a sculpture he donated to the Center at a ceremony on Saturday. Clay Center President and CEO Judy Wellington said the new addition ... Read More The History of Communities Along the Kanawha River Discussed in New Book The newest addition to Arcadia Publishing&rsquo;s popular Images of America series is Along the Kanawha River from local author Joseph Phillips. The book boasts more than 200 vintage images and memories of days gone by.The Kanawha River is a prominent natural featu... Read More Six West Virginia Glass Enthusiasts to Share Stories at Culture Center From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History CHARLESTON, W.V---In celebration of 200 years of West Virginia glass, six enthusiasts will explain their divergent perspectives on West Virginia glass and how they came to connect with in the Archives and History Library in the Culture Center in Charleston.The program titled... Read More Old-time Musicians, Flat-foot Dancers from Washington to Florida and Abroad From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History Take Home Prizes During 24th Appalachian String Band Music FestivalTwenty musicians, 12 bands and 12 dancers took home $7,450 in contest prize money during the 24th annual Appalachian String Band Music Festival at Camp Washington-Carver in Clifftop, Fayette County, fro... Read More West Virginia’s Best Seamstresses to Teach Quilting, Embroidery Techniques From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History Charleston, WV -- Some of West Virginia&rsquo;s best seamstresses will demonstrate embroidery and quilting techniques at the Culture Center as part of the West Virginia Division of Culture and History&lsquo;s Quilt Day.Besides participating in hands-on demonstrations, visito... Read More Folk Legends Celebrate Old-time Music Traditions with Two Free Labor Day Weekend Concerts at Chief Logan State Park From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History Logan, WV -- The grandson of West Virginia folk legend Virginia Myrtle &ldquo;Aunt Jennie&rdquo; Wilson will share the stage with other notable old-time musicians during a pair of free Labor Day concerts at the Museum in the Park at Chief Logan State Park.Wilson&rsquo;s gran... Read More Archives Library to Host Presentation on Saloons, Liquor, and Gunplay in West Virginia’s Early Coal Camps From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History Charleston, WV -- Paul H. Rakes, associate professor of American History at WVU-Tech, will present the talk &rdquo;Saloons, Liquor, and Gunplay in West Virginia&rsquo;s Early Coal Camps&rdquo; in the Archives and History Library at the Culture Center, State Capitol Complex i... Read More Celebrate Summer with Live Music, Drinks and Dancing in the Clay Center Garden From: Clay Center For The Arts And Sciences Of West Virginia Charleston, WV - Dance to live music, sip complimentary drinks and sample southern snacks at a laid back fundraising event in the Clay Center&rsquo;s Susan Runyan Maier Sculpture Garden. The second annual Backyard Bluegrass presented by Friends of Clay Center.Get on your fee... Read More West Virginia State Historic Preservation Office Announces Development Grant Recipients From: West Virginia Division of Culture and History Charleston, WV - Cabinet Secretary Kay Goodwin of the West Virginia Department of Education and the Arts and Commissioner Randall Reid-Smith of the West Virginia Division of Culture and History (WVDCH) presented $520,167 in development-grant funds for 19 projects involving t... Read More 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | Next &gt;&gt; | last &gt;&gt; Results: 1 - 10 of 969Results per Page: 20 | 50 | 100 Leave a Comment  Recommended for you... Cirque Eloize UltraViolet Hippopotamus Mysteries of the Ancient Architects - Movie Live on the Levee - Comparsa Find it fast Business Places News Events Promote Your Business: Advertise Here In &amp; Around Charleston Restaurants Movie Times Real Estate Jobs Classifieds Gas Prices Museums Coffee Spots Parks Wi-Fi Local News Feed Governor Tomblin Requests U.S. Small Business Administration Loans For Roane County For individuals and businesses affected by June stormsCHARLESTON, W.V---Gov. Earl Ra... NTelos to sponsor Marshall University Athletics CHARLESTON, W.Va. - NTelos Wireless announced last week it has become an official partner ... United Bankshares declares dividend for third quarter CHARLESTON, W.Va. - United Bankshares Inc., the parent company of United Bank, announced M... View All News Articles Add A News Article Charleston Newsletter Get things to-do, local deals &amp; news delivered to your inbox each week. Find us on Facebook American Towns Charleston Tool Kit Non-Profit | Business | List Your Organization Do you have a non-profit organization that you’d like to add? Post an Event Promote your event to the community. Submit a News Release We want to hear about the latest and greatest story that’s happening within our community. Free: See How You’re Listed On Yahoo, Yelp, SuperPages, AmericanTowns and 25 other directories! Improve Your Listing Add your social media links and bio, and promote your discounts, menus, events. New Businesses Be sure your listing is up on all the key local directories with all your important content (social links and product info). 20 million people rely on AmericanTowns each year to find &amp; share local information.  AmericanTowns.com Post Events Share News List Your Organization Discover and share the best of Charleston Site Map Charleston, WV Site Map Charleston, WV Events Site Map Charleston, WV News Site Map Charleston, WV Organizations Charleston Categories <li><a href="/wv/charleston/4th-of-july-2013-fireworks-parades">July 4th Fireworks in Charleston, WV</a></li> <li><a href="http://www.americantowns.com/wv/features/4th-of-july-2013-fireworks-parades">July 4th Fireworks in West Virginia</a></li> Classifieds Charleston Community Profile Charleston School Delays and Closings Charleston Jobs &amp; Careers Sponsored by Career Builder About American Towns About Us Contact Us Link to Us Pressroom How to Advertise Site Help Frequently Asked Questions Why Join? Report Incorrect Information &copy; 2013 AmericanTowns.com. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Last Updated: July 15, 2013  20 million people rely on AmericanTowns each year to find &amp; share local information 