 Northern Virginia’s Premier Auto Center  Home Services Towing Services Auto Repair Services Corporate Services Inspection Services Speedometer Calibration Reviews Coupons Directions Contact us Advanced Auto Repair of Chantilly, VA Free tow to shop with auto repairs, within 10 miles Welcome to Advanced Automotive, Inc. We provide high quality automotive repair to customers in Chantilly, Centreville, South Riding and the surrounding areas. Our goal is to offer our customers the highest quality automatic transmission, brake repair, vehicle inspection and other car repair services from honest, experienced professionals. We offer a full range of auto repair services. Whether you need speedometer calibration, vehicle inspection, engine repair, automatic transmission, brake repair or any of our other car repair services, our expert staff provides quality service. You can find a complete listing of our automotive repair services on our website. When you choose Advanced Automotive Inc, you can count on quality auto repairs and reliable service from experts in the field of automotive repair. We stand behind the quality of our auto repair services. All our parts and services are 100% guaranteed for one year or 12,000 miles. In addition, we provide the AAA approved nationwide warranty of 12 months or 12,000 miles to AAA members. Browse our website to learn more about us and our car repair services. We offer free towing with repair and free pick up and delivery to your home or work in Chantilly, Centreville or South Riding. Call us for information or towing or stop by our auto shop for quality repairs and excellent service for all your automotive services. Towing Services   We offer free towing with repair and free pick up and delivery to your home or work within 10 miles. Our towing services are a professional, reliable, and safe option...    ( Read More )   Auto Repair   We’re the highest rated AAA service center in northern Virginia. Our technicians are skilled and experienced in all types of repairs, like tune-up options...    ( Read More )   Corporate Services   Whether you simply need consulting on how to use a new batch of company cars efficiently, or you want to ship vehicles to abroad, our skilled technicians...    ( Read More )   Auto Inspection   In Virginia, every vehicle has to pass yearly inspections to stay on the road. For individuals and those in the business sector, we offer cost-effective solutions to...    ( Read More )   Satisfaction Guaranteed All of our auto repairs shop's expert services and incredible parts are 100% guaranteed for one year or 12,000 miles. We also provide the AAA approved nationwide auto repair warranty, which is 12 month or 12,000 miles to all AAA members. Featured review "On January 26, 2011, we had the worst snow storm this winter. My car had broken down around 5:15pm, during the height of the storm, on the corner of Westfields and Walney. I immediately called AAA for assistance. The traffic was so backed up because it was snowing ..." Read more reviews Shop hours Monday: 8am-6pm Tuesday: 8am-6pm Wednesday: 8am-6pm Thursday: 8am-6pm Friday: 8am-6pm Saturday: 8am-1pm Sunday: Closed Contact Us Phone: 703.802.0688 Email: Click here Address: 4007A Westfax Drive Chantilly , VA 20151-1547 View Directions Copyright 2013 - Advanced Auto - All Rights Reserved | Sitemap site manager login | auto repair website design by sbm 