 Home | More Cities | Map | Daily Good News Call 1 (888) 785-0500 or Click Here to Get Listed Oklahoma City, OK Bookmark  Oklahoma City Directory Living In Oklahoma City Things To Do In Oklahoma City Oklahoma City News Oklahoma City Event Calendar Arts, Music &amp; Entertainment in Oklahoma City It's show time in Oklahoma City! The city's line up of arts, music and entertainment makes for a standing ovation. Browse the latest art exhibitions and museum exhibits. Step out day or night and catch a concert featuring music rich in blues, rock, and of course country; or get your tickets to brilliant theatrical shows and exciting sporting events. There's so much to experience, you'll wonder how you will be able to do it all. Immerse yourself in the world of art at the Oklahoma City Museum , located in the downtown Oklahoma City Arts District. Stroll through the three-story museum to see art collections spanning 500 years. See the downtown skyline on the Roof Terrace; enjoy lunch at the Museum Caf&eacute; and find keepsake souvenirs at the OKCMOA Museum Store. Address : 415 Couch Dr Oklahoma City, OK 73102 - Map Phone : (405) 236-3100 Web : www.okcmoa.com Art connoisseurs, flock to the award winning JRB Art gallery located in Oklahoma City's historic Paseo Arts District. You will see works by emerging, established, and international artists showcased in the 4,500 space. Whether you are a first time art buyer or art snob, make your next important art acquisition here. Paintings, drawings, sculptures and photographs on display ensure something for everyone. Address : 2810 North Walker Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73103 - Map Phone : (405) 528-6336 Web : www.jrbartgallery.com USA Today said the Lyric Theatre of Oklahoma is &quot;one of the ten great places to see the lights way off Broadway&quot;! Located downtown in the Oklahoma City Civic Center, you can watch performances of Broadway plays like Hairspray , Ragtime and A Chorus Line . Sing, laugh and enjoy great live theater entertainment. Address : 1727 NW 16th St. Oklahoma City, OK 73106 - Map Phone : (405) 524-9310 Web : www.lyrictheatreokc.com Big entertainment stops at the Chesapeake Energy Arena , the city's top venue for concerts, sporting events, and live entertainment. The arena is home to the NBA Oklahoma City Thunder and the stage to world class talent from WWE Monday Night Raw to Taylor Swift. The name might have changed but its top notch entertainment has not. Address : 100 W Reno Ave., Oklahoma City, OK 73102 - Map Phone : (405) 602-8700 Web : www.chesapeakearena.com See world class performing arts at the Civic Center Music Hall in Oklahoma City. The entertainment venue is home to the Oklahoma City Philharmonic, Ballet Oklahoma, Canterbury Choral Society, and Lyric Theatre performances. Enjoy watching nationally and internationally acclaimed performing arts in the hall's intimate atmosphere with superior acoustic sound. Address : 201 N Walker Ave Oklahoma City, OK 73102 - Map Phone : (405) 297-2584 Web : www.okcciviccenter.com The Rolling Stones, Kiss and Nickleback have entertained at the Cox Convention Center , host to major concerts, sporting events and business conferences. Conveniently located in OKC's Bricktown historical district, you are a quick walk to canal-side restaurants, clubs, music venues and attractions you can enjoy after the event. Address : 1 Myriad Gardens Oklahoma City, OK 73102 - Map Phone : (405) 602-8500 Web : www.coxconventioncenter.com Pick up tickets to The Oklahoma City Ballet . From opening night to closing night, you are poised for a lovely time at the ballet. The mesmerizing resident dancers bring to life the magical stories of ballet classics like The Nutcracker and The Wizard of Oz . Come experience a night of entertainment filled with mixed emotions, story ballet, and exquisite ensemble dances. Address : 7421 N Classen Oklahoma City, OK 73116 - Map Phone : (405) 843-9898 Web : www.okcballet.com Catch award-wining modern works, hilarious comedies, and outlandish musicals at Carpenter Square Theater . You will sing, laugh and enjoy great live theater in an entertainment venue that delights in offering rare plays that have not been presented in Oklahoma City. Address : 900 West Main Street, Suite 100 Oklahoma City, OK 73106 - Map Phone : (405) 232-6500 Web : www.carpentersquare.com More Oklahoma City Arts, Music &amp; Entertainment Attractions in Oklahoma City Events in Oklahoma City Family Attractions in Oklahoma City Festivals &amp; Shows in Oklahoma City Hidden Treasures in Oklahoma City Movie Theaters in Oklahoma City Museums &amp; History in Oklahoma City Nightlife in Oklahoma City Outdoor Activities in Oklahoma City Restaurants in Oklahoma City Romantic Date Ideas in Oklahoma City Shopping in Oklahoma City Sports &amp; Recreation in Oklahoma City Tours in Oklahoma City Oklahoma City Government Oklahoma City Education Oklahoma City Hospitals Oklahoma City Transportation Oklahoma City Utilities Volunteer in Oklahoma City Even More Oklahoma City &gt;&gt; Share This Page  &copy; THECityOfOklahomaCity.com - Accredited Member Of CityOf.com - All rights reserved. | CityOf.com/Logs (Independent / Third Party Verified Results) Get Listed | View All Categories | Visit Another City | Contact Us | About Us | Testimonials | Our Promise | Your Comment | Daily Good News 