 August 25, 2013 Sedan Auto Insurance  Are you currently insured? Yes No Enter Your ZIP Code: Sedan Auto Insurance vs. Coupe Car Insurance More Sedan Auto Insurance Articles Sedan Auto Insurance vs. Coupe Car Insurance Sedan Owners May Pay Less For Auto Insurance You've probably figured out that it costs more to insure a sedan than a coupe. Why? Generally the coupe has a bigger, more powerful engine, so people tend to drive them faster. This increases the risk of traffic tickets and accidents. Coupes are also stolen more often, and they are more expensive to repair when they're damaged. The sedan is great for transporting families, and the cost of insurance can fit into your family budget. We've got the sedan auto insurance plans that you're looking for! Take a moment to fill out our form, and we'll help you customize your coverage. General overview of sedan auto insurance Sedans can be compact, mid-size, or full-size &ndash; and their prices range from small ($10,000) to large ($40,000) as well! One of the biggest advantages of owning a sedan is the great gas mileage they get. Sedans also come with a lot of safety features. They have airbags in more places, such as the front, side and side curtain. Most come with anti-lock brakes and stability controls. You can even get them with all-wheel drive, which comes in handy in bad weather. One relatively unknown benefit of sedans is the wide range of green options available by purchasing a hybrid, LNG, or electric sedan for your own use. According to the Clean Fleet Report, the top 2009 sedans that emit the lowest greenhouse gases are: Toyota Prius Honda Civic Hybrid Honda Insight Ford Fusion Hybrid Nissan Altima Hybrid Honda Civic CNG Toyota Camry Hybrid Toyota Yaris Chevrolet Aveo Volkswagen Jetta TDI As you can see, there are a lot of sedans on the market. No matter which one you own or are planning to buy, you'll want to purchase insurance along with it. We've made the process of finding sedan auto insurance incredibly easy! Just request a free quote directly through this site , and we'll put you in touch with experienced professionals who can help you get the best possible sedan auto insurance rates! Sedan-Auto-Insurance.com is not an insurance carrier or broker. We cannot guarantee a quote from a specific carrier, and we cannot guarantee that all products are available in all states. The information and suggestions on our site are intended for informational purposes only, and we expressly disclaim any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of such information. About Us | FAQ | Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Home &copy; Copyright 2013 Sedan-Auto-Insurance.com All rights reserved 