 Accessibility Links Skip to main content Skip to Ellen DeGeneres awarded Mark Twain humour prize Skip to supplementary story content Skip to related news content Skip to CBC accessibility page CBC Global Navigation CBC.ca News News Menu Sports Sports Menu Music Radio Radio Menu TV TV Menu My Region Menu More CBC Menu Watch Watch Menu Listen Listen Menu  CBC News Arts &amp; Entertainment Major Stories In The News Harper runs again? Quebec garb debate Transgender trailblazers Batman Backlash CBC News Navigation Home World Canada Politics Business Health Arts &amp; Entertainment Technology &amp; Science Community Weather Video Arts &amp; Entertainment The Buzz Photo Galleries Ellen DeGeneres awarded Mark Twain humour prize Jimmy Kimmel, Jane Lynch, John Leguizamo among those offering tributes The Associated Press Posted:Oct 23, 2012 9:04 AM ET Last Updated: Oct 23, 2012 9:03 AM ET Entertainer Ellen DeGeneres, at right, waves as she is introduced at the 15th annual Mark Twain Prize for American Humor at the Kennedy Center in Washington on Monday. Her wife, actress Portia de Rossi, is seen at left. (Alex Brandon/Associated Press) Some of the nation's top comedians hailed Ellen DeGeneres as a trailblazer Monday night as she received the highest U.S. humour prize. The Kennedy Center is awarding DeGeneres the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor. The show will be broadcast Oct. 30 on Public Broadcasting Service stations. "Thanks to everyone at PBS. I am so happy to be part of your farewell season," DeGeneres joked in accepting the prize and taking a jab at Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney's plans to stop funding public broadcasting. On the red carpet before the show, DeGeneres said she doesn't see herself as political with her comedy, even though she's been a trailblazer. "I just want to make people happy and make people laugh," she said. DeGeneres, 54, began her career as a comedy club emcee in her native New Orleans. After a performance on Johnny Carson's show in 1986, he invited her over to his desk to chat. She was the first female comedian to receive that invitation from Carson. Turning to acting, DeGeneres landed comedy series on Fox and ABC, eventually starring in Ellen from 1994 to 1998. She broke new ground and a taboo in 1997 when she came out publicly as a lesbian and her TV persona then became the first lead character on prime-time TV to reveal she was gay. A record 46 million viewers watched the episode. Coming out on TV 15 years ago feels like another life, she said Monday night before the show. "I did it because it was the right thing for me to do," DeGeneres said. "It was the right thing for me to do to not live with shame. I happened to help a lot of people, and it happened to create a ruckus." Jimmy Kimmel called it a milestone. "For a lot of people, Ellen is their only homosexual friend," he said. "She's there in their living room every single day." On stage, he said DeGeneres was his inspiration. "Because of Ellen, in 1998, I mustered the strength to come out of the closet — despite the fact that I'm not gay," he joked. "Thanks to Ellen, vests aren't just for magicians anymore." Trailblazer Sean Hayes said DeGeneres made his former gay-themed show, Will and Grace , possible. He said her "fearlessness" was her biggest contribution and that she changed America. "We didn't have a voice, until there was you," he said before breaking into a rendition of the tune Till There was You . Glee star Jane Lynch said DeGeneres "took one for the team." "She's the one who went in there with a machete" and cleared the way for other shows with gay characters such as Glee , Lynch said. "Look where she is today." Kristin Chenoweth said DeGeneres has always remained kind. "She's not a mean girl comic," she said. Career success When DeGeneres first heard she was receiving the same honour that Bill Cosby, Tina Fey and Will Ferrell won in recent years, she joked, "Why didn't I get this sooner?" After DeGeneres came out on TV in 1997, her comedy show began to tank and was cancelled a year later. The feeling of rejection was enough to send DeGeneres into a depression. Still, Ellen paved the way for future shows to feature gay characters, from Will and Grace to Modern Family . DeGeneres came back with a CBS comedy series, movie roles and even a stint as an American Idol singing competition judge. Forbes magazine has ranked her as the 47th most-powerful woman in the world and estimated her earnings at $53 million US last year. 'She's brilliantly shined a light on society, and that's what Mark Twain did' —Cappy McGarr, producer, Mark Twain Prize gala Her hit TV talk show that debuted in 2003 is now in its 10th season. Among other achievements, that's where she eventually persuaded U.S. President Barack Obama to dance. "She's brilliantly shined a light on society, and that's what Mark Twain did," said Cappy McGarr, an executive producer for the Mark Twain Prize show, when the award was announced. The prize honours comedians in Mark Twain's tradition of satire and social commentary. Other past winners include Steve Martin, Lily Tomlin and Whoopi Goldberg. John Leguizamo saluted DeGeneres and PBS for planning to air the show. "How about that? A gay woman on PBS — with public money and the Kennedys," he said. "It's like the tea party's worst nightmare." &copy; The Associated Press, 2012 Share Tools Report Typo Send Feedback Comments on this story are pre-moderated. Before they appear, comments are reviewed by moderators to ensure they meet our submission guidelines . Comments are open and welcome for three days after the story is published. We reserve the right to close comments before then. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines . Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Big Box Advertisement Top News Headlines White House lays out case for Syria response White House spokesman Jay Carney said that "it's in the clear national interests" of the United States to punish Syria's regime for what he called a "repugnant" chemical attack on Syrians, and that the question now is how the U.S. will respond to a violation of international norms. more &raquo; Budget 'mistake' more than doubles tax on credit unions The NDP is calling on Finance Minister Jim Flaherty to acknowledge a mistake in last spring's federal budget that more than doubled the corporate tax rate for credit unions and bring in a fix immediately. more &raquo; Is the Big 3 telecom 'Fair for Canada' campaign working? Bell, Rogers and Telus have joined forces and waged a public relations 'Fair for Canada' campaign to win the hearts and minds of Canadians. But some analysts question the effectiveness of the campaign. more &raquo; 'I have a dream': 50 stories about the March on Washington Fifty years ago this week, some 250,000 people gathered before the Lincoln Memorial in a show of support for the burgeoning civil rights movement. CBC News explores the March on Washington in 50 different ways, from the speakers and marchers to the people who continue to be touched by Martin Luther King's powerful dream. more &raquo; Harper and Obama want 'firm response' to Syria attack The prime minister and the U.S. president deployed tougher language today after conferring about the escalating Syrian situation, as the countries' top generals met in Jordan with allies to discuss possible action. more &raquo; Must Watch Latest Arts &amp; Entertainment News Headlines Miley Cyrus's raunchy act draws ire from parents' group The U.S. Parents Television Council has made a complaint to MTV after former child star Miley Cyrus's raunchy performance at the Video Music Awards. more &raquo; Star Wars cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies The influential Star Wars cinematographer, who worked on a number of stellar films alongside some of the world's most famous directors, died on Friday at the age of 99. more &raquo; Madonna tops Forbes' list of highest-earning celebrities Nothing seems able to stop the Material Girl from acquiring even more material, as singer and performer Madonna ranked at the top of Forbes' annual list of top-earning celebrities. more &raquo; Mumford & Sons take tour to Simcoe, Ont. A hugely popular British folk band is taking its music and reputation to smaller towns as part of a low-key tour designed to make a big impact on its hosts. more &raquo; Miley Cyrus grinds and bumps into celebrity adulthood Jaws dropped for all the wrong reasons as former child star Miley Cyrus tried to sell herself as a grown-up entertainer at MTV's Video Music Awards. Reviews were generally poor, but some celebrity image consultants say at least she got her message across "loud and clear." more &raquo; More Headlines &raquo; Q Blog Zach Braff trades in scrubs for monkey suit Aug. 27, 2013 3:17 PM The actor talks about his latest film The Great and Powerful Oz, in which he plays a CGI monkey. CBC Books Catcher in the Rye sequel? Posthumous J.D. Salinger works to be published: AP Aug. 27, 2013 1:50 PM Plans are afoot to release a series of previously unpublished books by J.D. Salinger after 2015, according to the authors of a new biography about The Catcher in the Rye writer. Most Viewed Most Commented White House lays out case for Syria response Miley Cyrus grinds and bumps into celebrity adulthood India bans shark 'finning' Woman reclaims stolen bike from Craigslist seller Is the Big 3 telecom 'Fair for Canada' campaign working? Ontario sisters must pay uncle $125K for false sex abuse claims Cronut burger illnesses at CNE caused by maple bacon jam Roméo Dallaire 'embarrassed' over mix-up with fringe group Customer swallows human toe in Dawson City  Inside the News Inside the News Exclusive behind the scenes videos, photo galleries, columns and special recommendations from Peter Mansbridge.  CBC News App CBC News App Get a world of news with just the touch of your finger. Download the only news app that you need. Big Box Advertisement Show previous slide Don't Miss MUSIC Jazz legend Marian McPartland dies at 95 Hosted the Peabody Award-winning program Piano Jazz on NPR PHOTOGRAPHY The glamour of bicycles Photographer Lincoln Clarkes' new book Cyclists According to What? Ai Weiwei can't leave China, but his art can Dissident artist's politically charged art on display in Toronto until Oct. 27 BOOKS Linwood Barclay, king of the thriller Best-selling author available in 30 languages, but is little-known in Canada ARTS Métis actor August Schellenberg dies at 77 Appeared in Black Robe, Free Willy and North of 60 film Cult star Haji dies at 67 Quebec-born actress starred in Russ Meyer exploitation films #ROBINTHICKE Robin Thicke 'loves' Blurred Lines controversy Artist unapologetic about lyrics and nude video, says "whatever works, baby." FILM Matt Damon and Jodi Foster star in Elysium Watch Eli Glasner's review TELEVISION Colbert holds dance party after Daft Punk pulled from show MTV cited contract obligation for upcoming awards show THE WORLD'S END Robot invasion flick follows Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz Edgar Wright's informal triology gets boozy new instalment FILM Talented veterans, emerging directors make TIFF's Canadian Homegrown titles to join new work by Villeneuve, Egoyan, Obomsawin BOOKS Neil Gaiman's last book-signing tour Author talks connecting with fans, childhood inspiration and Twitter Art Online Monet paintings get cheeky Amazon reviews Amazon.com is now selling fine art works worth up to $4,850,000 MUSIC Is it ok to like songs with lyrics you find sexist? Q debates if feminists can embrace a catchy song despite misogynistic lyrics MUSIC Rocky relationship fuels new Civil Wars album Joy Williams talks to Q about friction with bandmate and their future together comic books Jim Steranko regales fans with longform stories Nightly story sessions dubbed TNT for Twitter Narrative Technique THEATRE Steve Van Zandt on the Rascals and James Gandolfini Star on his Broadway hit, how he chooses work and his late friend #OVOFest Fans freak over rap royalty at Drake's OVO Fest 4th annual Toronto hip-hop concert features surprise guests, reunions Not on TV Canada's web-only TV shows at a turning point Shows forging closer links with traditional TV to earn funding MUSIC Jay Z's 6-hour performance art experiment Q talks to art critic and participant Jerry Saltz about whether rap show was art Photos The 12 Doctors of Doctor Who Peter Capaldi joins Doctor Who as the new Doctor MUSIC Banjo virtuoso Jayme Stone Trailblazer blends banjo's traditional sound with different styles, genres FILM Blue Jasmine Woody Allen's most serious effort in years stars Oscar-worthy Cate Blanchett MUSIC Wartime tale inspires Hollerado's So It Goes Lyrics and video recall Second World War experiences, survival MUSIC Electronic dance music star Deadmau5 EDM artist on fame, branding and his different personas FILM A peek at David O. Russell's American Hustle Teaser trailer for star-studded '70s film is all style CBC MUSIC Canadian pop stars of the '80s: then and now Though they might not be on the charts, they still look pretty great BOOKS Summer reading: top book choices from CBC Arts Guilty pleasures, new ideas and more CELEBRITY Al Pacino, as himself, for One Night Only in Toronto Hollywood icon's sole Canadian show set for Toronto date in September CELEBRITY How Justin Bieber could 'clean up his act' No more speeding or spitting for the Canadian pop superstar Show next slide CBC Global Footer CBC.ca Aboriginal Books Contests Digital Archives Documentaries Kids Kids' CBC Preschool Kids' CBC Wonder World Music News Parents Program Guide Radio Sports Television CBC Member Centre CBC Player CBC Shop Corporate About CBC Transparency and Accountability Jobs Production Facilities Mobile Production Rentals Ombudsman CBC: Get the Facts Independent Producers Pitch a Radio or Audio Program Program and Content Sales Archive Sales Educational Sales Image Research Library &amp; Still Photos Consumer Recordings Digital TV Stay Connected Mobile RSS Podcasts Member Services: Newsletters &amp; Alerts CBC Links Terms Of Use Reuse &amp; Permissions Advertise Privacy Site Map Help Contact Us CBC Radio-Canada Copyright &copy; CBC 2013 cbc.radio-canada.ca cbc.ca radio-canada.ca  