 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates &amp; Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying &amp; Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling &amp; Events Car Maintenance &amp; Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips &amp; Tools Loan Tips &amp; Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums  Home | Car News | Vehicle Types | Convertible Car Convertible Car See Only Manufacturer Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler CODA Daewoo Daihatsu Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GM GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls Royce Saab Saturn Scion Shelby Smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Vehicle Types Compact Car Convertible Car Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Hatchback Hybrid Car Luxury Car Midsize Car Minivan/Van Sedan Sports Car SUV Truck Wagon News Auto Shows &amp; Events CAFE Chassis Concept Cars European Cars Exotic Cars International Miscellaneous Opinion Photo Of The Day Recalls Reviews Safety Week in Review  Report: Volkswagen Pushing Regulators to Encourage More Diesel Powered Vehicles in the U.S. If Volkswagen has its way, there&#8217;s going to be a lot more diesel powered vehicles on U.S. roads in the next few years. The German automaker is pressing for both federal and state regulators to&#8230; Read more 4 days ago | Abandon Ship: Toyota Allows Dealers to Drop Scion Franchises if They So Please Toyota is giving its dealers an out if it no longer wishes to carry a Scion franchise. Is it the end of the road for Toyota&#8217;s youth-oriented brand? Read more 7 days ago | Report: Jaguar Considering a Front-Wheel Drive Vehicle to Meet European Emission Standards Jaguar is pondering a move into the compact luxury sedan segment so it will fall in line with the EU&#8217;s stringent CO2 emissions standards set to go into effect in 2020. Read more 15 days ago | Ignition Puts 2013 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon 10th Anniversary Edition Through Its Paces on Rubicon Trail Motor Trend&#8217;s Ignition takes the 2013 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon 10th Anniversary Edition to the brutal Rubicon Trail for a little off-road fun. Read more 22 days ago | Week in Review: BMW Goes for a Swim, Chrysler Makes Some Money, and Toyota Begins 2014 Corolla and Tundra Production From BMW 3 Series-tuned swimming pools to spy shots to the latest Corolla and Tundra entering production, the last week of July 2013 was a busy one. Read more 24 days ago | [BREAKING] Detroit To File for Chapter 9 Bankruptcy, Largest Municipal Case in U.S. History Detroit has just filled for Chapter 9 bankruptcy. It&#8217;s the biggest municipal filing in United States history. Read more Jul 18, 2013 | Report: Land Rover Still Mulling Idea of Range Rover Evoque Convertible Believe it or not, the Range Rover Evoque convertible is still a possibility, according to one exec at the company. Read more Jul 11, 2013 | Getting Closer: Fiat Exercises Option in Stake of Chrysler, Now Owns 68.5 Percent Fiat has acquired more of Chrysler Group. Who benefits immediately from this though? Read more Jul 8, 2013 | Chevrolet Corvette Celebrates 60th Birthday This Weekend This weekend, the Chevrolet Corvette celebrates its 60th birthday. Read more Jun 28, 2013 | GM CEO Wants Buick to Have Convertible and Mini Fighter in Lineup GM&#8217;s CEO wants to see a European compact and a convertible come to the U.S. as Buick products. Read more Jun 24, 2013 | 1 2 3 4 5 Next &raquo; Last &raquo;  Tweets by @MyAutomotive   About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content &copy; Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG3 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Logout Profile Log in or Register   