  Home About Our Story Business Development Executive Management DRA Advisors Services Sale-Leaseback M &#038; A Support Improvement Funding Investment Criteria Typical Transaction FAQs Portfolio Nationwide Scope Highlights Dispositions Contact Contact Us Automotive Links  Unlock your equity Access your real estate equity and reallocate it in higher yielding investments Unmatched industry knowledge CARS team of professionals are dedicated to the automotive industry with unsurpassed real estate finance experience Mergers & Acquisition Support See how CARS can help you grow your business opportunities Construction financing Let us explain how we can finance your expansion Industry Leader Who has benefited from a sale leaseback? Nationwide Scope Portfolio Proven Model Serving dealers for over 16 years Flexible and creative lease terms that address a future sale of operations, lease assignments, and substitutions Long-term approach to relationships that ensure a true growth partner Construction financing for new improvements and expansion Dealers maintain long-term site control without the necessity of ownership Advantages Most Experienced Executive Team About Us As the first company solely focused on providing highly tailored sale-leaseback capital to the automotive retail industry, Capital Automotive has exclusively supported automobile dealers since 1997. The company’s stock was publicly traded on NASDAQ through December of 2005 when we completed a privatization with DRA Advisors LLC. Through custom tailored real estate finance, we have assisted dealer groups in growing their organizations, acquiring new locations, upgrading existing facilities, constructing new stores, and facilitating estate planning and partner buyouts. In many situations, we have aided dealers by maximizing liquidity and flexibility. Our creation was a collaboration of automobile dealers and experts in real estate, and finance. Since inception, our team of professionals has developed and maintained relationships throughout the industry that have provided us with an in-house level of expertise unparalleled in the marketplace. By listening to our clients and prospects, we continue to add new products and tailor existing products to better serve the auto retail industry. News Feed Attended the Moss Adams LLP Workshop for CFO’s & Controller’s in Las Vegas - June 2013 Attended the AIADA Summit in Washington D.C. - May 2013 Participated in the Ohio Dealer Association annual meeting - May 2013 Attended the NADC Annual Member Conference in Southern California - April 2013 NADA 2013 - Jay Ferriero was the moderator for the panel of speakers at the Auto Team America 19th Annual CEO & CFO Forum in Orlando In Q1 of 2013 CARS invested in its first Harley Davidson retail location in the Southeastern U.S.  Home Contact Us Legal Notice © 2013.  