 Continue to the TheAtlantic.com Advertisement [if lt IE 8]> <div class="warning message"> <div class="container"> <strong>Your browser is no longer supported.</strong> For maximum compatibility we recommend upgrading to a <a href="http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/internet-explorer/download-ie">newer version of IE</a>, or another browser such as <a href="http://www.google.com/chrome/">Chrome</a> or <a href="http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/new/">Firefox</a>. </div> </div> <![endif]  Breathtaking Photos of Yosemite's Wildfire An Intimate Look at the March on Washington How to Make Perfect Coffee Sponsor Content Developing a Smarter Workforce Sponsor Content Finding a Job With Social Tools Politics Top Stories The Conservative Case for Impeaching Obama My March on Washington A Brief Argument Against War in Syria Do Liberals Deserve Larry Summers as Fed Chair? Every Stop and Frisk in NYC in 2012, in 2 Charts President Obama Isn't Bringing Race Into National Controversies Business Top Stories Who Are the Long-Term Unemployed? America's Imperial Disdain For the Emerging World Which Colleges Should We Blame for the Student-Debt Crisis? The 2 Biggest Things the Washington Post Got Wrong About the Budget Here Are 2 Ways We Now Know the Fracking Boom Is Causing Earthquakes What Makes Employees Work Harder: Punishment or Pampering? The Price Is Racist: When Minorities (and Women) Are Asked to Pay More Tech Top Stories The Condensed Classroom A Database of 3D Fossils, Ready for You to Explore and Print Finally, a Service to Track Viral GIFs (Like the Weird Ones From Last Night's VMAs) Video Didn't Kill the Radio Star, but the Debit Card Is Killing the Check Do We Judge Music More on Sight Than on Sound? The U.S. Makes Way, Way More Requests for Users' Facebook Data Than Any Other Country Sponsor Content Why Is It So Important to Develop a Smarter Workforce? Entertainment Top Stories 'All Immigrants Are Artists' The Real Reason to Worry About the New Batman The Formula That's Ruining Teen Fantasy Movies 'Twerk Lightly' No, NBC's Premier League Deal Doesn't Mean America Loves Soccer Now Was Miley Cyrus's VMA Performance a Failed 'Blurred Lines' Criticism? Pop Theory Smart, fun / fun, smart Ten Years Later: The O.C. 's Influential Glamorization of Teen Drinking 1book140 TheAtlantic.com's reading club 1book140's September Read: Vote for an Elmore Leonard Book Track of the Day Track of the Day: 'Byegone' Health Top Stories On Marrying a Survivor of Childhood Sexual Abuse What Can Be Done About Pedophilia? I, Pedophile Measles Outbreak Traced to Church Critical of Vaccines Study: Disgusting Sweaty Palms Sometimes Help With Business Deals Still Lots of Gay Jokes Study of the Day Study: Disgusting Sweaty Palms Sometimes Help With Business Deals Dr. Hamblin's Emporium of Medicinal Wonderments During Pregnancy, I've Stopped Having to Shave My Legs&mdash;Why? Sexes Top Stories The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Still Lots of Gay Jokes Encouraging Survivors to Speak Toward a New Understanding of Modesty Kick-Ass 2 Isn't Afraid to Tackle Any Subject, Except Rape There Are Many Gross Diamond Ads, but This Is the Grossest Marriage Policy Encourages One Spouse to Stay Home and the Other to Work National Top Stories Describing My Experiences in Afghanistan&mdash;in 6 Words Sequestration Hits Military Senior Ranks Encouraging College Sexual Assault Victims to Speak Up The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Why D.C. Tourism Is Defying Sequestration Predictions 'What Is Special About My Town': Harrisburg, New Bedford, Rochester Global Top Stories Before You Conclude That 'Precision' Bombing Makes Sense With Syria ... In South Africa, a Deadly New Drug Is Made With HIV Medications A Surprisingly Candid Chat Between Nixon and Brezhnev Shorter Version of Spinney on Syria: Don't Do It How Saudi Arabia and Qatar are the Tortoise and the Hare of the Middle East Through The Parisian Looking Glass The Democracy Report Social and political change around the world The Bo Xilai Trial and China's 'Rule of Law': Same Old, Same Old China Top Stories Bo Xilai's Raunchy, Entertaining Trial Was Still Fundamentally Unjust China's Coal Supply Will Soon Weigh 40 Percent More Than Earth's Population Today's Alarming Japan-China Charts Bo Xilai Reveals China's Unaccountable Corruption Watchdog The Strangest Passages From Fodor's 1984 Guidebook to China Hazy Skies in Hong Kong? Just Pose With a Fake Skyline Video Top Stories Are the Rich Getting Too Much of the Economic Pie? What's Behind the Natural-Gas Boom? Photojournalist Kate Brooks Reveals the Human Cost of War American Futures: Take Off With James and Deborah Fallows A Day in the Life of a New York City Cat Wisdom From Beyond the 23rd Century Magazine In This Month's Issue The Killing Machines Murder by Craigslist Did an 8-Year-Old Spy for America? Joe Strummer and Punk Self-Reinvention The Global Dominance of ESPN Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Digital Editions  Like The Atlantic   Share This Page   Follow The Atlantic  Follow @TheAtlantic Share This Page  Tweet  Follow The Atlantic On LinkedIn Share This Page  &#9654; Special Reports In Focus Events E-books Newsletters The 2 Biggest Things the Washington Post Got Wrong About the Budget Matthew O'Brien  The Great Car Reset Richard Florida Jun 3 2010, 10:53 AM ET  Tweet More Email Print Are we moving beyond the auto age? Writing in Esquire , Nate Silver provides hard statistical evidence that America's once-overwhelmingcar-culture and driving habits have peaked. This article in Advertising Age (h/t: Patrick Adler) provides additional evidence that we may well bein the early stages of a reset in attitudes about driving and carownership, especially among younger folks. Here are some key statisticsfrom the article: "In 1978, nearly half of 16-year-olds and three-quarters of17-year-olds in the U.S. had their driver's licenses, according toDepartment of Transportation data. By 2008, the most recent year datawas available, only 31 percent of 16-year-olds and 49 percent of17-year-olds had licenses, with the decline accelerating rapidly since1998." "Twenty-somethings went from driving a disproportionate amount ofthe nation's highway miles in 1995 to under-indexing for driving in2009." "It's not just new drivers driving less. The share of automobilemiles driven by people ages 21 to 30 in the U.S. fell to 13.7 percentin 2009 from 18.3 percent in 2001 and 20.8 percent in 1995." Source: Advertising Age While "the environment" is the reason many young people cite fordriving less and not wanting to own a car, there are several other keyforces at work, according to the article: Alternatives to car ownership such as Zip Car or other auto-sharing services. Greater use of alternative modes of mass transit to and from work. This can save money and boost productivity. You can focus on getting work done on the train , something you can't do in a car. New ways of working from free agency to more flexible schedules and telecommuting which further reduce the need for cars. The rise of the Internet and e-commerce as an alternative toshopping. You no longer need a car to get everything from groceries andpersonal products to books, CDs, and electronic goods. Trading-off car ownership to free up cash for other uses fromtravel, entertainment, technology, and experiences to more savings. The increased popularity of close-in locations and walkablemixed-used neighborhoods which further reduces the need for a car toget around. A gradually changing economic landscape which advantages larger anddenser regions with more transit alternatives - from walking and bikingto mass transit (similar to what I described in an earlier Atlantic piece ).  As the article notes: "The real-estate markets most profoundly affected by thebursting housing bubble -- such as Las Vegas and other Sunbelt metroareas -- are boom towns built around highways with no substantial traintransportation. Real-estate markets that have been less affected orquicker to recover include Boston and San Francisco, which have strongurban rail systems. In New Jersey, Connecticut, Boston, Denver andChicago, housing prices near new or existing train stations have eitherbeen among the first to recover or have seen less depreciation duringthe bursting of the housing bubble." Source: Advertising Age Younger people today -- in fact, people of all ages -- no longer seethe car as a necessary expense or a source of personal freedom. Infact, it is increasingly just the opposite: not owning a car and notowning a house are seen by more and more as a path to greaterflexibility, choice, and personal autonomy. Underlying all of this is not so much a shift in "car culture"values but a shift in economic realities. Owning a car and a house arevery costly, for individuals and the economy as a whole. Whatdistinguished "savers" from "spenders," according to a Canadian study (.pdf), is outlays for housing and especially for cars. The amount ofmoney the average American family spends on housing and cars went from22 percent in 1950 to 44 percent by the 1980s to more than half today.It's not so much that America is a society of wanton over-consumers --though some surely fit that bill -- it's that they've been trapped bythe housing-car-energy complex that once stood at the very heart ofthe U.S. "Fordist" economy. And as any number of studies have shown (.pdf), America's over-investment in housing has badly distorted its economy. We can't recover by breathing life back into that old economy.Lasting prosperity requires investment in a new and more efficienteconomic system. We'll never get there if we continue to spend everylast penny on houses, cars, and energy. We need to reduce spending onthe old Fordist consumption bundle in order to free up capital for newtechnologies, new industries, and greater skill and personaldevelopment broadly. Some of that is already happening as people downsize their homes,downshift consumption, and trade train rides or walkableneighborhoods for long suburban commutes. Young people are at thecutting edge of these shifts, as they are just starting up intheir jobs and careers; choosing places to live, work, and raise theirfamilies; and deciding how they want to live their lives. Great Resets like this are generational events. They do not spring forth overnightbut emerge gradually over time as millions upon millions of individualsand families reset themselves in light of new economic realities. Weremain in the very earliest stage of the current reset. While some look at rebounding car sales or an uptick in the housingmarket as a sign of economic recovery, from where I sit, the shift awayfrom driving and cars among young people is a much better indicatorthat the economy is starting to head in the right direction. Jump to comments  Tweet Email Print Presented by Richard Florida is Senior Editor at The Atlantic and Director of the Martin Prosperity Institute at the University of Toronto. See his most recent writing at The Atlantic Cities .  More Florida is author of The Rise of the Creative Class , Who&#39;s Your City? , and The Great Reset . He is founder of the Creative Class Group. All Posts Books Try 2 Free Issues! Go Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Digital Edition Get Today's Top Stories in Your Inbox (preview) Email Address The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Alexis C. Madrigal Aug 26, 2013 The Secretly Conservative MTV VMAs Spencer Kornhaber Aug 26, 2013 In South Africa, a Deadly New Drug Is Made With HIV Medications Rich McEachran 9:00 AM ET Measles Outbreak Traced to Church Critical of Vaccines Julie Beck 12:26 PM ET Video More Video  Are Bottomless Drinks Good Business? Tweet The Case for Impeaching Obama Marriage in the Shadow of Childhood Abuse My March on Washington Why Is Raising a Kid in the U.S. So Expensive? &lsaquo; &rsaquo;  Elsewhere on the web Sponsored Links  Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you’re not already logged in you will be asked to log in or register.  Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus [if IE]><style type="text/css">/*Annoyingly, IE puts 4 extra pixels above the iframe,so we add 4px to the element's top style to compensate*/#thanksForSharing .hide {top: 5px !important;}</style><![endif] Close Video How Do We Use Energy at Home? A look at how consumer habits have changed over the years Video How Much Energy Does the U.S. Use? An animated guide to the different energy sources that power our nation Video Why Is Bottled Water So Expensive? Business editor Derek Thompson looks at how such a simple commodity became as pricey as soda. Video Who's to Blame for Climate Change? A quick, animated look at at where emissions come from on our planet Video Are Bottomless Drinks Good Business? A story of loss leaders, irrational consumers, and infinite mimosas Video 5 Things That Could Hurt ESPN Business editor Derek Thompson outlines potential threats on the horizon. Video Are Machines Really Taking Our Jobs? A brief history of technological progress and why it&#39;s not necessarily a bad thing Video What's in Crude Oil&mdash;And How Do We Use It? An animated guide to how crude oil turns into useful fuel for cars, jets, and more Video Are the Rich Getting Too Much of the Economic Pie? Inequality explained in pie charts (made of actual pie) Video When Will Solar Get Cheap Enough for Everyone to Use? An animated look at how far solar has come since it emerged in the 1950s Video American Futures: Take Off With James and Deborah Fallows Two longtime Atlantic writers hit the runway in their Cirrus plane. Video What's Behind the Natural-Gas Boom? An animated look at why production has skyrocketed in recent years Video How the U.S. Economy Is Like a Casino A quick explainer on monetary policy Writers Up Matthew O'Brien The 2 Biggest Things the Washington Post Got Wrong About the Budget 5:56 PM ET Jordan Weissmann Here Are 2 Ways We Now Know the Fracking Boom Is Causing Earthquakes 5:39 PM ET Rebecca J. Rosen Video Didn't Kill the Radio Star, but the Debit Card Is Killing the Check 5:29 PM ET Molly Ball The Case for Impeaching Obama 2:27 PM ET Robinson Meyer Do We Judge Music More on Sight Than on Sound? 1:59 PM ET James Fallows Shorter Version of Spinney on Syria: Don't Do It 1:25 PM ET Derek Thompson What Makes Employees Work Harder: Punishment or Pampering? 1:04 PM ET Julie Beck Measles Outbreak Traced to Church Critical of Vaccines 12:26 PM ET James Hamblin 'Twerk Lightly' 11:07 AM ET Garance Franke-Ruta Every Stop and Frisk in NYC in 2012, in 2 Charts 10:30 AM ET Conor Friedersdorf President Obama Isn't Bringing Race Into National Controversies 9:30 AM ET Matt Schiavenza Bo Xilai's Raunchy, Entertaining Trial Was Still Fundamentally Unjust 7:00 AM ET Ta-Nehisi Coates Through The Parisian Looking Glass Aug 26, 2013 Alexis C. Madrigal The Suffrage Movement, on the 93rd Anniversary of Its Biggest Success Aug 26, 2013 Megan Garber 10 Things You Probably Did Not Know About Eraser Technology Aug 26, 2013 Andrew Cohen U.S. v. Texas and the Strident Language of the Voting Rights Fight Aug 26, 2013 Spencer Kornhaber The Secretly Conservative MTV VMAs Aug 26, 2013 Ashley Fetters The News vs. The Newsroom : Can One Report Bring a Network 'to Its Knees'? Aug 26, 2013 Kasia Cieplak-Mayr von Baldegg What Is Money? Aug 23, 2013 Christopher Orr The World's End : An Apocalyptic Delight Aug 23, 2013 Olga Khazan Why the British Government Forced The Guardian to Destroy Its Hard Drives Aug 21, 2013 David A. Graham If You're an Old Republican, You Probably Want to Go Back to the '50s Aug 20, 2013 Steve Clemons 'We Were Bored ... So We Decided to Kill Somebody' Aug 20, 2013 Jennie Rothenberg Gritz How Richard Nixon Fooled Friends and Influenced People Aug 8, 2013 Down More in National  Describing My Experiences in Afghanistan&mdash;in 6 Words Thomas Gibbons-Neff  Sequestration Hits Military Senior Ranks Mark Micheli  Encouraging College Sexual Assault Victims to Speak Up Caroline Kitchener In Focus Yosemite Wildfire From This Author Who's Your City?: How the Creative Economy Is Making Where to Live the Most Important Decision of Your Life The Flight of the Creative Class: The New Global Competition for Talent The Rise of the Creative Class: And How It's Transforming Work, Leisure, Community and Everyday Life Join the Creative Class The Great Reset: How New Ways of Living and Working Drive Post-Crash Prosperity Most Popular 1 Yosemite Wildfire 2 The Case for Impeaching Obama 3 Before You Conclude That 'Precision' Bombing Makes Sense With Syria ... 4 On Marrying a Survivor of Childhood Sexual Abuse 5 Murder by Craigslist 6 Was Miley Cyrus's VMA Performance a Failed 'Blurred Lines' Criticism? 7 What Makes Employees Work Harder: Punishment or Pampering? 8 What’s Really Behind the Ever-Rising Cost of Raising a Child in America 9 The Real Reason to Worry About the New Batman 10 The Outsiders: How Can Millennials Change Washington If They Hate It? Just In The 2 Biggest Things the Washington Post Got Wrong About the Budget Matthew O'Brien Here Are 2 Ways We Now Know the Fracking Boom Is Causing Earthquakes Jordan Weissmann Video Didn't Kill the Radio Star, but the Debit Card Is Killing the Check Rebecca J. Rosen ATLANTIC MEDIA Atlantic Wire Teen Inspired by 'Into the Wild' Found Dead in Oregon Forest The Duality of George W. Bush Revealed in His Latest Dog Painting 'Impeach Obama' Bumper Stickers Sell in Town Hall Season More from Atlantic Wire Atlantic Cities Impressive Timelapse of the Day: A Multi-Story House Built in Just One Day A Brief History of How Living Alone Came to Seem Totally Normal When Airport Hopping in New York Was Cheaper, Faster, and a Little More Dangerous More from Atlantic Cities Quartz The crisis enveloping India’s currency just got serious. Here’s how to stop it The latest breakthrough in South Korean plastic surgery is just plain terrifying To get promoted, women need champions, not mentors More from Quartz National Journal Attacking Syria: Mission (All but) Impossible The WHO Has a New Guide to Helping Chemical Weapons Victims in Syria—And It's Brutal There's a New Guideline for Helping Chemical-Weapons Victims in Syria–and It's Brutal More from National Journal Longreads Familiar Faces|Science News Reading List: What Happens to Whistleblowers After They Speak Out|Longreads 'Like Being in Prison with a Salary': The Secret World of the Shipping Industry|Metropolitan Books More from Longreads Follow The Atlantic App store Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus Tumblr RSS E-Newsletters Today's Top Stories This Week This Month New at In Focus Atlantic Cities 5 Best Columns Information FAQ Subscribe Help Masthead Store Merchandise Jobs Privacy Site Map Terms and Conditions Advertise Advertising Guidelines Press Contact Us Special Reports Atlantic Scene Ebook Events Atlantic Media Subscribe  Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price   STATE AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY YT Next &#x25BA;  Copyright &copy; 2013 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.  CDN powered by Edgecast Networks. Insights powered by Parsely .  Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).   