
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 Site
    Information 
 Site
    Data 
 Reference
    and Trivia Links  
 
 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 The model ape used in the
1933 movie ' King Kong ' was 18 inches tall. 
 Dorris Day began her career
as a dancer, and only began singing when she broke her leg. 
 The statue ' The thinker '
by Rodin is actually a portrait of the Italian poet Dante. 
 Lord Byron had a club foot. 
 There are over 30 000 verses
in the Bible. 
 The Eskimo language has over
twenty words to describe different kinds of snow. 
 William Shakespeare married
Anne Hathaway on 27 November 1582, he was 18 at the time. 
 Samuel Clemens was not the
only writer to use the pen-name ' Mark Twain '. It was used several years earlier by Isiah
Sellers. Both men were river pilots on the Mississippi, where ' Mark Twain ' was a common
technical term. 
 Donald Duck lives at 1313
Webfoot Walk, Duckburg, Calisota. 
 &nbsp;  The Brothers Grimm compiled 211 fairy/folk tales.
The brothers Jakob and Wilhelm Grimm did not write their tales as original stories, but
from folk stories handed down through the generations. Their interest was in the early
nineteenth century effort to create a German nation as at that time, modern Germany was
divided into dozens of sovereign states. Their efforts also included the creation of a
German dictionary that brought together the many dialects in an effort to establish a
single German language. 
 Foghorn Leghorn's favourite
song is ' Camptown Races '. 
 The tablecloth in da Vinci's
Last supper was white. 
 The Marque de Sade wrote '
The 120 days of Sodom ' on a 120 metre roll of paper while imprisoned in the Bastille. 
 Snow White's coffin was made
of glass. 
 Bilbo and Frodo (from 'Lord
of the Rings') share the same birthday, September 22. 
 The uncut version of the
movie 'The longest day' was 179 minutes long.  
 The natural substance the
violin bows are strung with is horse hair. 
 X-ray technology has shown
there are 3 different versions of the Mona Lisa under the visible one. 
 James Bond smokes 'Morland
Balkan' cigarettes. 
 The movie ' Wanda whips Wall
Street ' was the first to be billed as being backed by Wall Street. 
 Composer Johann Sebastian Bach once
walked 230 miles to hear the organist at Lubeck in Germany. 
 Pope Paul IV, who was elected on 23
May 1555, was so outraged when he saw the naked bodies on the ceiling of the Sistene
Chapel that he ordered Michelangelo to paint garments on to them. 
 World heavyweight boxing champion,
Gene Tunney also lectured on Shakespeare at Yale University later in his life. 
 William Shakespeare's father's first
name was John. 
 Elzie Crisler Segar created the
comic strip character Popeye in 1919 
 The 'Thing', from the movie of the
same name, had green blood. 
 The fictional highwayman Dick
Turpin's horse was called Black Bess. 
 Maxwell Klinger (from the TV series
M*A*S*H) wore a '36B Miss Highrise' bra. 
 The Beatles song 'A day in the life'
ends with a note sustained for 40 seconds. 
 Yul Brynner stared in the play 'The
king and I' more than 4000 times. 
 &nbsp;   Superman's
hair grows ' incredibly long' when exposed to red kryptonite. 
( additional storylines include other random effects ) 
 Miss Piggy's measurements are
27-20-32. 
 Roger Ramjet's American Eagle
Squadron consists of Yank, Doodle, Dan and Dee. 
 Daffy Duck made his debut in 1937 in
' Porky's Duck Hunt '. 
 John Cage composed 'Imaginary
Landscaper No.4', which was scored for twelve radios tuned at random. 
 Charles Dickens was an insomniac,
who believed his best chance of sleeping was in the centre of a bed facing directly north. 
 Although starring in many gangster
films, James Cagney started his career as a chorus girl. 
 Michelangelo died at the age of 88. 
 The writer, Rudyard Kipling, only
ever used black ink. 
 John Lennon's middle name was
Winston. 
 In the film 'Star Trek : First
Contact', when Picard shows Lilly she is orbiting Earth, Australia and Papa New Guinea are
clearly visible .. but New Zealand is missing . 
 The leading part in Shakespeare's
play 'The Merchant of Venice' is Shylock the Jew, though the play was written during a
time when Jews were banned from living in Britain. 
 Handel wrote the score of his
Messiah in just over 3 weeks. 
 The 'Mona Lisa' was once brought by
Francis I of France in 1517 to hang in a bathroom. 
 'Cocksucker Blues' was a 1976 film
about The Rolling Stones. 
 The movie 'Cleopatra', starring
Elizabeth Taylor, was banned from Egypt in 1963 because she was a Jewish convert. 
 Over two hundred different languages
are spoken throughout the Soviet Union. 
 Virginia Woolf wrote most of her
work standing up. 
 Betty Grable's legs were insured for
one million dollars. 
 The 'Over the rainbow' scene from
'The Wizard of Oz' was originally cut from the film because it was 'slow' and added
nothing to the plot. It was added again at the last moment. 
 The 3 largest newspaper circulations
are Russian. 
 Before Mickey Mouse, Felix the Cat
was the most popular cartoon character. 
 Salvador Dali once arrived to an art
exhibition in a limousine filled with turnips. 
 The B'52's, were named after a
Fifties Hairdo. 
 During the chariot scene in 'Ben
Hur' a small red car can be seen in the distance. 
 Over 400 films has been made, based
on the plays of Shakespeare. 
 Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary' was
Mary, Queen of Scots. 
 There are 256
semihemidemisemiquavers in a breve. 
 Frank Sinatra was once quoted as
saying rock 'n' roll was only played by 'cretinous goons'. 
 The vegetarian composer Richard
Wagner, once published a diatribe against 'the abominable practice of flesh eating'. 
 The juke-box derives from the old
English word for dancing - juke. 
 The Marx Brothers (Chico, Harpo,
Groucho, and Zeppo) were actually named respectively Leonard, Adolph, Julius, and Hebert. 
 When young and impoverished, Pablo
Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings. 
 'I am a Walrus', by John Lenon, was
inspired by a police two tone siren. 
 Charles Baudelaire, preferred to
Wagners music, the sounds ' of a cat hung up by its tail outside a window and trying to
stick to the panes of glass with its claws'. 
 The subject of the first printed
book in England was Chess. 
 Tiny Tim called his daughter Tulip
after his 1968 hit 'Tiptoe through the Tulips'. 
 One of Britain's most famous
composers, Sir Michael Tippett, composed pieces notoriously difficult to play, At the
premiere of his 'Symphony No. 2', the orchestra got lost in the middle of the piece and
the conductor had to start again. 
 The canine filmstar Rin Tin Tin is
buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris. 
 B.B. King's guitar, 'Lucille' is a
Gibson guitar. 
 Between 1931 and 1969 Walt Disney
collected thirty-five Oscars. 
 &nbsp;  The French equivalent of 'the quick brown fox jumps over
the lazy dog', a sentence which contains every letter of the alphabet (useful when
learning to type), is 'Allez porter ce vieux whisky au juge blond qui fume un Havane',
which translates to 'Go and take this old whisky to the fair-haired judge smoking the
Havana cigar'. 
 In the famous line 'Wherefore art
thou Romeo', wherefore means why, not where. 
 In the story of Cinderella, her
slippers were originally fur, but they became glass because of an error in translation. 
 Enid Blyton, writer of the 'Famous
Five' had 59 stories published in 1959. 
 Pablo Picasso was abandoned by the
midwife just after his birth because she though he was stillborn. He was saved by an
uncle. 
 Nineteenth-century artist, Cesar
Ducornet, drew with his feet - he had no arms. 
 Composer Ludwig van Beethoven was
once arrested for vagrancy. 
 Mickey mouse's Latin name is Michael
Musculus. 
 About half the piano's in England
are thought to be out of tune. 
 The phrase ' The 3 R's ' ( standing
for 'reading, writing and arithmetic' ) was created by Sir William Curtis, who was
illiterate. 
 To romanticise his image, Warner
Brothers claimed that Humphrey Bogart was born on Christmas day, he was born 23 January
1899. 
 With 1477 stops, 33,112 pipes and a
365 horse-power engine, the Auditorium Organ in Atlantic City is the largest in the world. 
 Monaco's national orchestra is
bigger than its army. 
 Larry Hagman didn't allow smoking on
the set of Dallas. 
 It is the Doppler Effect, that
causes trains and helicopters to change pitch as it passes by. 
 Giacomo Puccina, who composed many
famous opera's such as &quot;La Boheme&quot; and &quot;Madam Butterfly&quot; also composed
&quot; La Fanciulla del West&quot; set in the Wild West at the time of the Californian
Gold Rush. 
 Rice - Lloyd Webber contemplated a
show based on the Cuban missile crisis. 
 The balls of purring fluff in the
Star Trek series were 'Tribbles'. 
 The first Academy Awards (or
Oscar's) were presented on 16 May 1929. 
 In the original Star Wars movie,
there are only two named female characters. 
 About two-thirds of the world's
population have no regular contact with newspapers, television, radio or telephones. 
 The theme music of the original Lone
Ranger was The William tell Overture. 
 Richard Strauss wrote a 'gay
Viennese ballet' on the subject of Whipped Cream. 
 Colonel Potter, from the TV series
M*A*S*H, was allergic to tomato juice. 
 During World War II, W.C. Fields
kept US $50 000 in Germany 'in case the little bastard wins'. 
 The French composer J.B. Lully,
while conducting a concert, pierced his foot with a pointed baton, and died from the
resulting gangrene. 
 The Stone's album 'Sticky Finger's
has a zip on its sleeve. 
 The most commonly sung song in the
world - Happy birthday to you - is under copyright, the copyright runs out in 2010. 
 Of the two chipmunks, Chip and Dale,
Chip has the black nose. 
 Colour televisions are capable of
producing only 3 colours, red, green and blue. 
 Fred Astaire's first screen notes
read: 'Can't act, Can't Sing, Can Dance a little'. 
 The Nazi-sympathist song 'Don't
Let's Be Beastly to the German's', was sung seven times in one evening by Noel Coward, at
the request of Winston Churchill. 
 Issur Danielovitch Demsky was born
on 9 December 1916, but most people know him as Kirk Douglas. 
 On the same day as he completed his
masterpiece &quot;The Divine Comedy&quot;, the Italian poet Dante died. 
 Elizabeth I, thought it was ill bred
to make music in public. 
 The Boomtown Rats, who made a hit
single, were inspired by a female random killer whose excuse was 'I don't like Mondays. 
 Charlie Chaplain's cane was made of
bamboo. 
 Judy Garland's false eyelashes were
sold at auction in 1979 for US $125. 
 The poet Coleridge drank about 2
litres of laudanum (tincture of opium) each week at the height of his addiction. 
 The Turkish War inspired the song'
We Don't Want To Fight But By Jingo If We Do'. 
 According to Genesis 7:2, God told
Noah to take 14 of each kind of 'clean' animal into the ark. 
 Because metal was scarce, the Oscars
given out during World War II were made of wood. 
 Bambi was originally published in
1929 in German. 
 According to Genesis 1:20-22 the
chicken came before the egg. 
 Marlene Dietrich was born 27
December 1901. She was one of the most popular film actresses of her day, and was
considered an expert on men. She was said &quot;Most women set out to try to change a man
and when they have changed him they do not like him&quot; 
 The opera singer Enrico Caruso
practised in the bath, while accompanied by a pianist in a nearby room. 
 Colophony is a bow resin. 
 In the first 2 years after 'talkies'
appeared, US cinema's have attracted over 100 million people a week. 
 Bob Dylan turned The Beatles on to
marijuana. 
 The name of the 'Love Boat' was the
'Pacific Princess'. 
 The first crime mentioned in the
first episode of 'Hill Street Blues' was armed robbery. 
 A Penny whistle has six finger
holes. 
 Ghosts appear in 4 Shakespearian
plays; Julius Caesar, Richard III, Hamlet and Macbeth. 
 George Bernard Shaw refused an Oscar
in 1938, for the screenplay Pygmalion. 
 Mozart was buried in an unmarked
pauper's grave. 
 Sergei Prokofiev composed an opera
called 'The Giant' when he was only seven years old. 
 Actress Sarah Bernhardt played the
part of Juliet (13 years old) when she was 70 years old. 
 Beethoven's Fifth, was the first
symphony to include trombones. 
 The original title for the best
seller 'Gone with the wind' was 'Ba! Ba! Black sheep'. 
 The Guinness Book of Records holds
the record for being the book most often stolen from British Public Libraries. 
 Sophia Loren's sister was once
married to the son of the Italian dictator, Mussolini. 
 In Papua New Guinea there are
villages within five miles of each other which speak different languages. 
 The band, Buffalo Springfield, was
named after an American Tractor. 
 Steve Martin's first movie was 'The
Jerk'. 
 Irving Berlin, who was born on 11
May 1888 and who composed three thousand songs in his lifetime, couldn't read music. 
 Turkey has a ban on kissing in
films. 
 The Pearl Harbour air raid inspired
the song 'Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition'. 
 West Side Story is based on
Shakespear's play, Romeo and Juilet.&nbsp; 
 The great film comedian, W.C.
Fields, died on Christmas Day in 1946. His tombstone bore the following epitaph: &quot; On
the whole I would rather be in Philadelphia&quot;. 
 Mae West was once dubbed 'The statue
of Libido'. 
 EMI stands for ' Electrical and
Musical Instruments'. 
 The Green Hornet is the Lone
Ranger's grandnephew. 
 A Flemish artist is responsible for
one of the smallest paintings in history. It is a picture of a miller and his mill, and it
was painted on to a grain of corn. 
 Maurice Ravel, the French composer,
died on 28 December 1937. He suffered from a debilitating brain disease late in his life,
which left him unable to speak or even sign his name. 
 Leonardo da Vinci played the viola. 
 Some hotels in Las Vegas have
gambling tables floating in their swimming pools. 
 Two of the greatest writers who ever
lives, William Shakespeare and Miguel de Cervantes (who wrote Don Quixote), both died on
23 April 1616. 
 The French critic, Saint-Beuve, was
born on 23 December 1804. On one occasion in his life he was unfortunate enough to get
involved in a duel. When asked to choose his weapons, he replied &quot; I choose spelling,
You're dead&quot;. 
 Composer Johann Sebastian Bach once
walked 230 miles to hear the organist at Lubeck in Germany. 
 Beethoven incorporated the tune of
'God Save the King' into his 'Battle' Symphony. 
 Only one western film has even been
directed by a woman. 
 The longest Hollywood kiss was from
the 1941 film 'You're in the Army now', it lasted 3 minutes and 3 seconds. 
 Each episode of 'Dr. Kildare'
contained 3 suffering patients. 
 The first ever musical recording was
to the tune of Yankee Doodle. 
 A hydrodaktulopsychicharmonica is a
variety of musical glasses. 
 In 1976 Rodrigo's 'Guitar Concierto
de Aranjuez' was No I in the UK for only three hours because of a computer error. 
 The music hall entertainer Nosmo
King derived his stage name from a 'No Smoking' sign. 
 Walt Disney originally supplied the
voice for his character 'Mickey Mouse'. 
 
 While all attempts are made to
ensure only accurate information is displayed on this site, no guarantee is given for the
authenticity or accuracy of this data 
 Re-Evolution
Š 1997 
 
