  Search Home &raquo; Arts and Entertainment &raquo; Movies TV  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment: Movies TV category? Email Address: Subscribe Movies TV RSS Feed Top Authors in Movies TV More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (885) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,266) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,803) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment: Movies TV Article Category From Iowa to Hollywood: The Life and Career of Ashton Kutcher by Zack Mandell Christopher Ashton Kutcher was born on Feb. 7, 1978, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Diane and Larry Kutcher, who were both blue-collar workers. He has a fraternal twin named Michael who has cerebral palsy and had to have a heart transplant as a child. Made in Georgia: Church Produces Hit Films by Paul B Murray Many well-known movies have been filmed in Georgia over the past several years. Four successful made in Georgia movies were produced by a unique production company, Sherwood Pictures, a ministry of Sherwood Baptist Church. Sherwood Pictures, located in Albany, Georgia, has been involved in this made in Georgia trend since 2003 when the movie "Flywheel" was released. 5 Vacation Movies To Watch Before You Plan Your Family Summer Trip by Paul B Murray Summer is here and for many families that means it is time for an annual family vacation. Nice weather and a break from time commitments like school make summer a great day to enjoy some time away with the family. Gather your family and watch one of these five family vacation movies before you begin your own journey. 'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' Movie Filmed In Atlanta by Paul B Murray The "Hunger Games" movie trilogy follows the very successful "Hunger Games" books. The second movie, "Hunger Games: Catching Fire," is set to premiere in November of 2013 and it is highly anticipated. The first movie, "The Hunger Games," was filmed in North Carolina. "The Hunger Games" enjoyed huge success and the state of North Carolina certainly benefited from having the movie filmed there. Atlanta, Georgia was chosen for filming the second movie, and the addition of this high profile film to the list of movies and television shows filmed in Georgia is a big win for Georgia and the growing local film industry. Top 10 Action-Comedy Movies (Duo) by Char Reyes There are a lot of Hollywood action-comedy movies, but it is quite hard to find the ones with two leading actors. These kinds of films are rare gems because it is difficult for producers and directors to make sure that the treatment is equal. Besides finding a good story, it is also important that the two actors have a good chemistry on screen. So if you are looking for the good ones of this genre, here is our list of Top 10 Action-Comedy Movies (Duo) Of All Time. Kutcher Brings "Jobs" to Life by Zack Mandell Steve Jobs death created a wave of activity throughout the tech world and in entertainment. Two major movie projects kicked off almost immediately. The first is "Jobs," penned by Matt Whitely, and the second is an as-yet unnamed project by Oscar winner Aaron Sorkin. "JOBS"-A New Film Report by Humbler Acts Everybody has heard of Steve Jobs and Apple. It's a story of genius and the beginnings of personal computers. Certainly it provides a true glimpse into how hard it was to promote something the world didn't know it needed yet. The film, JOBS, surely tells this story with fairness and a sense of accuracy. Chasing Mavericks - How A PG Rated Movie Caused A Late Night Discussion With My Tween Girl by Lisa M Gay A review of the movie Chasing Mavericks from the perspective of the mother of a 12 year old girl. Mommy's... don't let a rating of PG fool you into thinking you can just let them watch and not need to be there... PG means parental Guidance and this movie created cause for some. Collecting Authentic Autographs by Chris A Barnes Collecting autographs from stars of TV, movies and sports is a hobby shared by many people across the globe. With so much coverage of celebrities across television and the internet, it's not surprising that so many people like to get the autographs of their favourite stars. In this article I'll look at how to go about collecting so you can build your collection in the best way. Five Best Directors of All Time by Zack Mandell While actresses and actors tend to get the most press, the truth is that without a talented director, some of the most famous films in history might have fizzled at the box office, if they'd even made any commotion at all. Some of the most beloved and celebrated directors of all time have the ability to make or break a film before its release-simply by name alone. Known for inventing shock, awe, mayhem, and murder on the big screen, Alfred Hitchcock (1899-1980) is a legend to be reckoned with when discussing best directors of all... From Kim Hyde to Thor: A Biography of Chris Hemsworth by Zack Mandell Chris Hemsworth is an Australian actor known for taking on the role of the god of thunder in the 2011 movie "Thor" and in "The Avengers," which was released in 2012. He is also known for the role of Kim Hyde in "Home and Away," which is an Australian television soap opera. He was born on August 11, 1983 in Melbourne and was raised there and in the Northern Territory. An Interview With Mr Prosenjit Chatterjee by Mimmi Mukherjee Can mirrors ever lie? One look at Prosenjit Chatterjee and you'd probably have to say that yes they can. Age, for him, is just a number. The Latest On Ashton Kutcher's Jobs - The Wozniak Friction by Munira Altaf This article covers the latest update on the recent conflict between Steve Wozniak on the issue of the movie "Jobs". You will also find an update on the storyline and treatment of the movie itself. On 'The Shawshank Redemption' (1994) by Shanku Sharma The Shawshank Redemption is regarded as one of the finest movies of all times. It is about a prison-break. In my opinion, this movie deserved an Oscar. It stars Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman and Bob Gunton Sunshine on the Screen: The Biggest Summer Movies of 2013 by Zack Mandell Whenever the temperature rises and the kids are free from the burdens of schoolwork, Hollywood rewards a grateful audience with a round of summer blockbusters. While some of these movies fall short of expectations, each summer has its share of movies that tickle the fancy of audiences young and old. In the first two months of 2013's big movie season, moviegoers enjoyed everything from superheroes and zombies to robots and lovable animated characters. Unique Anime and Comic Con Costume Ideas - The Watchmen Rorschach Costume by Jeremy Segal This upcoming Anime and Comic Con, don't just attend the event-be the event! If you're looking for a way to make eyes and heads turn your way, the Watchmen Rorschach costume is definitely the way to do it. Now, you might be thinking that Rorschach is so 2012, but there's a secret part to this costume that only you are going to know about-want to know what it is? "Planes" - Worthy Successor to "Cars" by Zack Mandell Imagine being an airplane and being afraid of heights. Such is the dilemma of poor Dusty Crophopper (Dane Cook), a dust cropping plane who longs for adventure. Specifically, he would love to be a fighter pilot, but his big dream is to compete in a huge around-the-world race that would, unfortunately, require him to go much higher into the air than he currently does as a crop duster. Buying Authentic Memorabilia by Chris A Barnes Knowing where to buy and what to look out for is vital when buying authentic memorabilia. The tips in this article should help any new collector to avoid the typical pitfalls. Falling Skies Season 3 Review by Sasha Shapiro Season 3 of Falling Skies was still fun but if you would observe closely you would see that Falling Skies are running out of material. The moment an apocalyptic show like Falling Skies does a virtual reality episode to the era prior to the apocalypse you know that this is the turning point of the series and its run on TV is about to end soon. I know that the show was renewed for Season 4 but according to the recent episodes of the 2nd season the end of Falling Skies is very close. Top 3 Ryan Gosling Movies That Will Thrill Up Your Day by Melisa Bush Since the inception of Ryan Gosling's acting career in 1995, he has portrayed his talent of being versatile in adopting the different types of roles; from the classy and romantic guy to the thug and gangster role. The Canadian actor is also known for his great tastes in fashion and love for animals. He has been known as the Best Dressed Man in 2011, moreover among the many awards he achieved, one of them is the 2012 IFTA Award for the Best International Actor in Drive. Till now, among the movies Ryan Gosling has acted in, following are the must watch movies: The Budding Acting Career of Judy Greer by Zack Mandell Born Judith Laura Evans on July 20, 1975 in Livonia, Michigan, actress Judy Greer has won widespread recognition for her roles as supporting characters. She is best known for playing Julie Speer in "The Descendants" and for voicing Cheryl Tunt in the animated comedy series "Archer." As a young child, Greer developed an interest in performing classical Russian ballet, which would ultimately lead to her pursuing a career in acting. "THE BUTLER" - A New Film Report by Humbler Acts Well, at last I have seen a movie that portrays a great story, first-rate acting, an American tale of triumph and reform--with the kind of directing that makes magic out of film--and all of the above with authentic courageousness. "THE BUTLER" is that film. What If Everyone Had to Hustle Like a Stunt Guy? - Part 1 by Zachary K Miller Do you think finding a job is hard? What if you had to spend countless hours, hundreds of miles away from home, waiting around to speak to someone for one minute? And then maybe, just maybe, they might remember you down the road when there is a job available. ABC's The Lookout by Kit Gillson The Lookout protects consumers from ripoffs. They also share bizarre stories. Often, The Lookout shows us how to spend our money without being cheated. Contemporary Hindi Cinema by Shanku Sharma India is one of the largest producer of films. Hindi cinema took the level to the world stage. Contemporary Hindi cinema has become the part and parcel of our lives. Some movies have really made it a larger-than-life experience. The Life and Career of Actress Abigail Breslin by Zack Mandell Abigail Kathleen Breslin was born in New York City on April 14, 1996. Breslin's parents, Michael and Kim, named their daughter after Abigail Adams, the second First Lady of the United States. Breslin's two older brothers already had acting experience, so it was no surprise that Abigail took the same path as her older siblings and began acting. "The Spectacular Now" Explores the Dark World of Teens and Alcohol by Zack Mandell When teens and alcohol are mentioned in the same sentence, it is often because they have been busted for underage drinking or perhaps tried to coerce an adult into buying them some beer. It is rarer for the two to be mentioned in the same sentence because the teenager in question is an alcoholic. "The Spectacular Now" is an emotional film that ventures into the territory of teens and excessive drinking. What If Everyone Had to Hustle Like a Stunt Guy? - Part 2 by Zachary K Miller This is part two of a two part article on what it takes to get a job in the stunt industry. There is not another job hunt process in the world like this one! Wolverine - Typical Yet Enjoyable by Kratika Sharmaa My take on the successful super hero film, The Wolverine. Looking at the positive and the negative points of the film and how film makers can expand their thinking when it comes to defining a super hero. Percy Jackson and CGI Monsters by Md. Ziaur Rahman The journey of Greek mythological hero Percy Jackson and his friends started on the big screen from the moment Poseidon came out from the Atlantic on a stormy day and met with mighty God Zeus. The movie was based on the famous journey of demigod Percy, son of Poseidon. In that movie he found himself having problems like dyslexia. Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First &laquo; Previous 1 2 3 4 5 &hellip; 543 Next &raquo;  EzineArticles.com &copy; 2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 