 Home | Contact Us Calendar of Events Things to Do Arts Golf Meeting Facilities Sports Facilities Places to Stay Recreation Places to Eat Edgar Cayce  Homepage Arts and Entertainment Things to Do Calendar of Events Golf Courses Meeting Facilities Places to Stay Recreation Places to Eat Wi-Fi Hotspots Photo Gallery Sports Facilities Contact Us Edgar Cayce Your Path: Home > Arts and Entertainment Arts and Entertainment The Pennyroyal Arts Council was established in 1977 to encourage, develop, and promote the appreciation of the Arts through education, support, service, and presentation. Housed in the renovated L&amp;N Depot downtown, the Arts Council's programming includes the Live at the Alhambra series, School Day Performances, Christmas Home Tours, Missoula Children's Theatre, and Art Exhibits. The Arts Council manages the Alhambra Theatre. Pennyroyal Academy of Fine Arts is a group of artists, musicians, actors, dancers, students, faculty and interested individuals pursuing the advancement of the fine arts in the Pennyroyal Region of Kentucky and Tennessee. By practice, the Academy is a laboratory in which young artists, teachers, art lovers, young professionals and seasoned professionals work hand-in-hand to produce art of the highest quality. In 2009, the Academy established the Pennyroyal Community Band under the direction of William Fisher. The Band performs free concerts at the Little River Park amphitheatre during the summer months, and also at various community events and activities throughout the year. A visual arts organization established in 1965 to actively pursue visual art activities for its members and the community, the Hopkinsville Art Guild coordinates a variety or art exhibits and workshops. The Alhambra Theatre is a 780-seat proscenium theatre offering a variety of performances. A historic landmark completed in 1928, the structure re-opened in 1983 as a community performing arts center. The Southern Kentucky Independent Theatre offers community theater in the Pennyrile. Performances are held in Cadiz and in Hopkinsville. Call David Ancil at (270) 886-9007 for more audition and performance information. Turnout is a local youth ballet company, this non-profit group is operated by a volunteer board a hosts one production a year. Call Pam Wimsatt for more information at (270) 886-175  Calendar of Events | Arts &amp; Entertainment | Things to Do | Golf Courses | Meeting Facilities | Sports Facilities | Places to Stay | Recreation | Places to Eat Chamber of Commerce | Economic Development Council | Convention &amp; Visitor&rsquo;s Bureau Copyright &copy;2008 Hopkinsville - Christian County Commerce Center Development and Content Management System by Cornerstone Information Systems, Inc. Design by Red Pixel Studios  