 San Antonio Complete Car Repair and Diesel Mechanics Call Us Today! 210-495-6688 Home Services About Us Financing Service Packages FAQ Help Store Locations Franchising Contact Us Want a chance to win a year's worth of FREE Oil Changes? Click the Google +1 Button then enter your email address for a chance to win! A Value is Required. SAN ANTONIO AUTO SERVICE EXPERTS Auto Service Experts guarantees the absolute lowest prices on any automotive repair for your car with the biggest warranty in San Antonio! We are not just a big franchise automotive repair shop, we are real master certified auto mechanics from San Antonio so we really care about your vehicle. Whether your car needs basic scheduled maintenance, a simple fix, or major overhaul, we are a state of the art car repair shop that can repair your automobile at the absolute lowest prices! We know that auto repair can be difficult and is often an unexpected burden on a family’s budget so we offer low cost financing for our auto repairs. How do we get our prices lower than our competitors? We can charge less, because in order to accurately perform an automotive repair, you must first know the "correct" part to replace. Many repair shops will replace an entire engine or transmission to fix a problem that we can fix by just replacing a sensor, or repairing shorted wiring. To determine exactly what your car needs, our certified technicians use the latest equipment to diagnosis your cars problem. Diagnostics is our specialty! We do more performance diagnostics than any other auto repair shop in San Antonio. Today's engines are a hybrid of combustion and electronics and many repair shops don't have the equipment and the expertise to diagnosis today's complex automotive performance problems. Many people still believe that a "tune up" will fix a performance problem, but today’s cars are computerized, so a simple tune up is often not enough to fix a performance problem. Today’s tune ups begin with a computer code scan to determine which system of your vehicle is reporting a problem. Many auto mechanics then guess at repairs which is what causes car repair to be so expensive and so time consuming. Having the proper auto diagnostic equipment and skilled automotive mechanics is what makes us San Antonio’s best automotive repair shop! Because this is our area of expertise, we are often referred complex performance issues from other auto repair shops. We guarantee that we can correctly diagnosis your vehicle's problem or the diagnostic is free! And we offer a 3 year/36000 mile warranty on most repairs. Whenever your car needs an auto repair or any scheduled maintenance please call us at 210-495-6688 and let Auto Service Experts take care of all of your car repair needs.  Auto Service Experts 901 E. Bitters Rd San Antonio, TX 78216 PHONE: (210) 495-6688 FAX: (210) 495-0544 Hours of Operation M - F 8:00 - 6:00 Sat 8:00 - 2:00 Maintenance Packages Want FREE auto repairs? Want VIP Service? Check out our Discount Packages! Financing Available Having trouble paying for car repairs? We understand that car repair can be unexpected.  We make it easy, We Finance! Auto Service Experts State of the art equipment, and the expertise of Certified Technicians at your service to perform your car repair. Find Us on the Web  