 Travel South America Travel Search South America Travel Plan Your Trip What to Do Countries Filed In: Countries & Territories &gt; Peru Peruvian Art, Culture and Entertainment Literature, music, museums, ethnic heritage, hand crafts, art, films, dance, education, languages, cuisine and recreational resources for Peru. Uncover Pre-Columbian Peru Without Leaving Lima There are many pre-Columbian sites within the boundaries of Lima. Best Museums to Visit in Lima The best museums to see in Lima Peru Cuisine of Peru and Bolivia The cuisine of South America stems from a variety of cultural backgrounds, available produce, foods and cooking styles. You'll find local favorites varying from country to country, even within regions, but you'll also find international favorites and the ubiquitous fast food places. Christmas in Cuzco, Peru Celebrating the Ni&#241;o Manuelito, the Andean version of the Baby Jesus, in Cusco, Peru is an eye-opening and heart-filling experience for the author. Fiesta de la Virgen de la Candelaria The festival, sometimes lasting days, is a mix of Christian and pagan religions and is celebrated in Bolivia, Peru, Uruguay, Chile and Venezuela on February 2. Inti Raymi, Festival of the Sun Inti Raymi, the Festival of the Sun, is the annual recreation of an important Inca ceremony and brings multitudes of visitors to Cuzco, Peru for a week of festivities culminating in the day long, elaborately costumed parade and celebrations at the nearby fortess of Sacsayhuam&#225;n. Virgen del Carmen Festival - Colorful Peruvian Festival The annual Fiesta de la Virgen del Carmen is a colorful mix of Andean pre-Columbian ceremonies and Catholic religion in which masked, costumed dancers relive ancient gods and rites in the never ending battle between the forces of good and evil. Historical Photos and Sketches of Peru These sketches and photos are mostly in black and white, and undated. They are glimpses into Peruvian culture, archaeology, cities and ruins, artifacts of the past, and other images into the past. El Se&#241;or de Qoyllur Ritti June in Peru is a time of worship of the ancient gods merges with Christian faith. South of Cuzco, on Ausangate peak, the faithful celebrate the El Senor de Qoyllur Ritti, the Bright Star of the Mountain. Literature of Peru Mario Vargas Llosa Alfredo Bryce Eche&#241;ique Jose Carlos Mariategui Josecito Bernui and others. Recipes from Peru Typical dishes, soups, entrees, side dishes and desserts. Get Inspired by South American Poets Get inspired to travel with these South American Poets Where to Spend Easter in South America Where to spend Easter in South America Free South America Travel Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore South America Travel Must Reads Top 10 Destinations Top UNESCO Heritage Sites South American Cuisine Machu Picchu Overview Chile's Atacama Desert in Photos Most Popular Countries and Capitals of South America Top 10 South America Tourist Destinations When to Go to South America Iguazu Falls Electricity in South America: Outlets and... Free South America Travel Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Plan Your Trip Countries & Territories Popular Destinations History & Culture Events & Holidays Food & Drink Nature & Wildlife Pictures & Maps Tours & Packages South America Travel About.com Travel South America Travel Countries & Territories Peru Art and Culture Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 