 Tuesday , August 27 , 2013  Get Business Information Send to Phone 763-441-2889 Elk River Tire and Auto 690 Dodge Ave NW Elk River, MN 55330 Home Services Auto Service List Air Conditioner Repair Axles Struts &amp; Shocks Brake Pads and Rotors Brake Repairs Car Battery Complete Auto Repairs Engine Repairs Muffler and Exhaust New Tires Oil Changes Preventative Maintenance Radiator Repairs Tire Repairs Transmission Repair Tune Up Car Wheel Alignment Reviews Why Us? About Us Locally Owned In the Press In the Community Resource Links Meet our Team Awards and Certifications Career Opportunities Going Green Car Care Tips Blog FAQ Get Specials Contact Us Contact Information Request Appointment Get Directions  Services Auto Service List Auto Repair Services 4WD Systems / Repairs: Repair, service and maintenance on 4WD vehicles Axle / CV Joint Repair: Complete repairs for Axle / CV Joint Repair (FWD, AWD & Some Import RWD) Battery Replacement / Install: Inspection, replace existing battery or install new battery. Belts / Hoses: Belt inspection and replacement, Hose inspection and replacement. Brake Systems: New brake installation, inspections, repairs or maintenance. Complete / General Auto Care: Complete auto care repairs and services Diesel Repairs: Service for Diesel emissions and repairs. Electronic Analysis and Repair: Analysis and repair of all electronic systems in your vehicle. Engine Service / Repair: Service for the Repair and Maintenance of your vehicle's engine. Exhaust / Muffler Systems: Service, inspection and repair of exhaust systems. Fluids / Filters: Top off fluids, Filter Replacement Fuel Injection / Fuel System: Complete clean and inspection of fuel injection system. Heating / AC system repairs: Heating or AC repairs, preventative maintenance, and services. Lighting / Electrical: Lighting repairs, inspection and replacement. Electrical diagnostic tests and repairs. Manual / Automatic Transmission Repairs: Maintenance, service or repair on automatic and manual transmissions. Multi-point / Pre-purchase Inspections: Multi-point inspections and pre-purchase inspections. Oil Change / Lube: Convenient service for Oil and Lube of your engine including preventative maintenance. Radiator Replacement / Repair: Inspection, repair or replacement of radiators. Smog / Safety Inspections: Smog and Safety inspections in compliance with state guidelines. Starting / Charging: Starting & Charging inspections, diagnostic and repairs. Steering / Alignment: New suspension installation, or repairs and maintenance. Struts / Shocks: Struts and Shocks inspections, replacement and repairs. Tire Rotation / Repairs: Tire rotation, inspection, and repairs. Tire Sales / Replacement: Tire sales, repairs, fixes, and inspection. Tune Ups / Preventative Maintenance: As a dealer alternative we can perform certified factory recommended maintenance services. Complete Auto Service for Any Car Problems Get Premium &amp; Affordable Elk River Auto Service &amp; Car Repair Service for Your Car Problems If you are looking for an auto service shop where you can get your car repair service for your car problems thoroughly checked you need to consider a few things before you can make up your mind on the best place for your car to be checked &amp; have car repair and car maintenance. As you know, not every auto service shop will give you the auto repair services that you require. You need to check on a few things before you decide on the right auto repair service shop. Sometimes it’s common to hear complaints from people who have visited auto service shops for their car problems , car repair and these always lead to frustration.  Before you choose which auto repair shops you will visit consider these things; affordability of the car repair, training of the technicians at the auto service shop and also the convenience of the car repair service location. Make sure that the auto service shop is operated by professional mechanics that you can trust with your car problems.  You don't want anyone but a qualified mechanics who understand all that your car needs may it be oil change , tire repairs , engine repairs &amp; checks, transmission problems, tire sales, tune up car or any other car repair service work on your vehicle maintenance and car maintenance .  Rest assured that all car repair services performed by Elk River Tire &amp; Auto Repair Shop for any resident in the Elk River, Otsego, and Zimmerman areas will get just that! For those residing in Elk River, Otsego, and Zimmerman, MN area visit the Elk River Tire &amp; Auto Repair Shop for car repairs, car problems, car maintenance and brake repair service.  Here you will find that the car repair service is very affordable and up to vehicle manufacturer standards by our dedicated mechanic. Services Menu Auto Service List Air Conditioner Repair Axles Struts & Shocks Brake Pads and Rotors Brake Repairs Car Battery Complete Auto Repairs Engine Repairs Muffler and Exhaust New Tires Oil Changes Preventative Maintenance Radiator Repairs Tire Repairs Transmission Repair Tune Up Car Wheel Alignment  Coupons in your inbox! Follow Us  Service Hours Sun Closed Mon 7:30am-6:00pm Tue 7:30am-6:00pm Wed 7:30am-6:00pm Thu 7:30am-6:00pm Fri 7:30am-6:00pm Sat 8:00am-4:00pm Payments We Accept   Back to Top Contact Us Contact Information Request Appointment Get Directions  Follow Us   Site Search  Mobile Version | Standard Version Privacy Statement Terms of Use Sitemap Copyright &copy;2013All Rights Reserved. Elk River Tire and Auto 763-441-2889 &bull; service@elkrivertireandauto.com website launched by <a href="/privacy-statement/privacy">privacy statement</a>|<a href="/terms-of-use/terms">terms of use</a>| 