 ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT : MUSIC Contributing Editor: Toni Sant Contributors: Deo Grech, Daniel Sciberras T he Maltese music scene is an interesting mix of traditional, imported, and experimental sounds. In terms of tradition, the Maltese islands boast an ancient form of singing known as ghana , while various towns and villages have offered music lessons to various young people throught their philharmonic band clubs. In more recent years, the Malta Song Festival has given rise to an interest in popular singing styles imported from Italy, Britain and the United States; the apex for this phenomenon is Malta's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest. However, since the mid-1960s there has been an undertoe from rock bands who have offered an alternative sound, albeit unoriginal, to the pop invasion. Meanwhile, Malta has also become a prime location for jazz through the Malta Jazz Festival presented yearly towards the end of July. RELATED TOPICS CHOIRS FESTIVALS PHILHARMONIC BAND CLUBS RELATED SECTIONS on aboutmalta.com ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT : CLUBBING ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT : THEATRE and DANCE EDUCATION FOLKLORE FOOD and DRINK LANGUAGE and LITERATURE NEWS and MEDIA : BROADCASTING RELIGION RELATED LINKS Please note that these are not links to pages createdby aboutmalta.com and will open in a new window. Home | Add a Link | Modify a Listed Link | Subscribe to our Newsletter | Search | Visitors Book 80's New Romantic/Alternative Unofficial Fan Club - Reuniting Maltese 1980s New Romantics and Alternative music fans. Abysmal Torment - Grindcore Death Metal band. Acoustika Trio Adam Bonello - Maltese-born musician and composer based in Sydney - Australia & Christchurch - New Zealand. Aidan Zammit - Composer and arranger, session keyboard player and singer. Aldo Zammit Borda - Songwriter, writing mainly ballads. Alternative Malta - Portal for the Maltese alternative music scene. Alternative Music Yahoo Group - Yahoo group for Malta's local Alternative / Underground music scene (gigs, album releases, reviews...) Andre Camilleri - Maltese singer/songwriter who lives in Melbourne, Australia. Angelcrypt - Unique blend of epic power metal and thrash sensibilities with nods to black metal. Anomaly - Maltese band. Antonio Olivari - Maltese rock guitarist. Arachnid - Maltese death metal band. Beangrowers - Pelle's Beangrower's page. Beangrowers - Official website. Beangrowers E-group - Interact with other fans. Beangrowers on IUMA - Beangrowers featured on the Internet Underground Music Archives. bee & ade: Pop Jazz - New Folk - Acoustic Duo - Audio samples, biography, photos, news, and live gigs, by Bianca Caruana and Adrian Camilleri. Beheaded - Malta's foremost brutal death metal band. Benna - Maltese-American singer/songwriter based in NY. Big Band Brothers - A big band made up of Malta's best brass and percussion musicians. Bitterside - Maltese indie rock band. Black Aura - Electronic music band from Malta. Download free album! Blastweds - Music For weddings and special occassions. Bradley James - Young Maltese singer who started his career when he was only 5. Bravehearts Mobile Disco - Mobile disco for all your musical needs. Brian Schembri - Conductor and pianist; website includes excerpts from live perfomances of piano recitals and orchestral concerts. Carra - Sydney-based singer/musician of Maltese descent. Charlene and Natasha - Maltese singing duo consisting of sisters Charlene and Natasha Grima. Chasing Pandora Chris & Moira - Duo that represented Malta at the 1994 Eurovision Song Contest. Chris D'Alfonso - Popular Maltese singer-songwriter. Claire Baluci - One of the ulimate exponents of the 'show organist' music scene. Claire Caruana - Classical/pop singer offical website. Clayton J - Radio and club DJ. Cleaven Clefem Junction - Maltese rock group. Clifford - Up and coming new singer. Clifford Borg - Contains music from his first album "Drifted". Clinton Paul - A new website for songwriter Clinton Paul. Clinton Paul Cilia - Young Maltese songwriter best know for "Lucky Star" and "Like An Angel", sung by Laura. Clinton Paul Music - The fansite dedicated to songwriter/composer/poet Clinton Paul. Colourblind - Maltese progressive rock band. Corkskrew - A powerfull mixture of electronic pop with rock sensibilites reminiscent of Garbage and Blondie. Courtsidaz Official Website - Rap & Hip-Hop crew from the North East of Malta. Crosswalk - The official website for band pictures, news, music and more. Cycle of Death D-Art Productions - Group of professional project studios - original music and full audiovisual multimedia services. Deo Debono - Maltese Augustinian Friar and song writer. Destiny Embraced - Electronic ambient project. Next 50 SEARCH aboutmalta.com Looking for something on aboutmalta.com? Advanced search options This site was last updated on 28-Aug-2008 at 06:37:01 &copy; Copyright 2000 - 2009 aboutmalta.com malta hotels book hotels online  