 Automotive  About POL  About Us Client Portal Contact Us E-mail Newsletter POL Properties Search Site Map About Princeton  History Libraries Local Government Parking Parks and Playgrounds Places of Worship Princeton University Relocation Information Schools Transportation/Directions Things to Do and See  Annual Events Day Trips Events Garden Tours Golf Courses Hiking/Biking Historical Sights Museums/Galleries Nature Reserves Palmer Square Walking Tours Wineries Quick Links  Announcements Articles Blogs Classifieds Events Movies Photo Gallery Press Releases Radio/TV/Lottery Snapshots Specials Weather Features Automotive Back to School Beauty and Fitness Financial Services Holiday Home Improvement House and Garden Law Pets Seniors Summer Camps Summer Fare Weddings Other Communities Cranbury Flemington Hopewell Kingston Lambertville Lawrenceville Mendham/Chester Montgomery Newtown Yardley Pennington Rocky Hill Stockton Web Services Design and Development Advertising Franchises  Hosting  Our Portfolio  Our Team What Sets Us Apart Databases  E-mail Newsletters  Search Engine Optimization E-Commerce  Our Clients  &laquo; August 2013 &raquo; S M T W T F S 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Follow us on: Features Automotive Back to School Beauty and Fitness Financial Services Holiday Home Improvement House and Garden Law Pets Seniors Summer Camps Summer Fare Weddings Automotive Articles (34) Automotive Announcements (19) Automotive Links (14) Classifieds All Businesses Antique & Classic Cars Auto Air Conditioning Auto Alarm Systems Auto Body Repair & Painting Auto Dealers Auto Detailing Auto Electric Service Auto Glass Auto Leasing Auto Museums Auto Oil and Lube servicing Auto Sound & Video Systems Auto Transporters Automobile Appraisers Automobile Donating Services Automobile Inspection Stations Automobile Insurance Automobile Parts & Service Automobile Parts & Supplies Automobile Restoration Automobile Sunroofs Automobile Tires Automobile Upholstery Automotive Transmissions Car Rental Agencies Car Shows Car Towing Services Car Trailers Car Wash and Detailing Car and Truck Online Community Car servicing Charter Buses Driving Clubs Driving Schools Gas Stations Princeton Weather Forecast, NJ (08540) Princeton Automotive Guide A helpful guide for those looking to buy, lease, sell, or fix a car. From Princeton area Auto Dealers to antique car shows to where to find the cheapest gas in town, we have information, articles, helpful links, and complete listings of all types of automotive businesses.  What's New Automotive Articles Rattling Down the Highway? What Those Common Car Noises Mean Consumers, Be Aware: Know the Facts When it Comes to Oil Changes Five Fast Fixes and Tips for a Summer-Ready Car Cars That Depreciate In Value The Most Consumers, Be Aware: Know the Facts About Oil Changes Don't Let Return Charges on your Leased Car Put a Dent in Your Wallet Driving Green for Dummies: It's Easier and Cheaper Than You Think 10 Tips To Keep Teens Safe Behind the Wheel Better Gas Mileage Five Rules for Negotiating Price Mercedes-Benz of Princeton 2910 U.S. Route 1 North Lawrenceville NJ 08648 800-644-0945 Mercedes-Benz of Princeton is a family owned and operated exclusive Mercedes-Benz dealership located in the Lawrenceville / Princeton NJ area serving Central New Jersey, Lehigh Valley and the Philadelphia region. We have been providing the community with a friendly automotive experience since 1983. We comprise the most competitive lease & purchase options and a 22 Bay Service Department with MBUSA trained technicians to help serve you & your Mercedes-Benz. We continue to provide our clients with quality customer service in sales, service, and customer relations, striving to meet every luxury car driver's unique needs in each and every department.  Auto Dealers Auto Leasing  Amwell Automotive Inc. 1490 State Hyw. No 179 Lambertville NJ 08530 609.397.8032 Amwell Automotive is located in West Amwell Township, New Jersey and handles repairs for foreign and domestic model autos, including cars, trucks, and vans. We can do everything from tune-ups and brake repairs to engine and transmission replacements to wheel alignments and air-conditioning repairs. We offer honest, personalized service at very affordable rates.All of us at Amwell Automotive are ASE-certified master technicians and are ready to solve your mechanical problems. We pride ourselves on being able to diagnose and repair problems that have stumped other automotive shops - so why not come to us first!  Auto Air Conditioning Car servicing  Calhoun's Garage 782 Rt. 518 Skillman NJ 08558 609-924-1587  Auto Body Repair & Painting Automobile Parts & Service Car servicing  Car and Truck Online Community Heard a new noise from the enginecompartment?Wondering what people are saying about the car or truck you areconsidering buying? Ask that auto question or voice your opinion inour online community. It serves as a place to discuss all major carmakes and models with fellow car owners and the auto industryprofessionals alike. Join our discussions today at www.motorsforum.com  Car and Truck Online Community   Home Business Dining Entertainment Health Lodging Non-Profits Real Estate Shopping Classifieds Site Map Top of Page Features Automotive Back to School Financial Services Holidays Home Improvement House &amp; Garden Law Summer Camps Summer Fare Weddings Disclaimer and Privacy Policy Login 