  Shopping Tools Vehicle Tools Build Your Own Competitive Comparison Download a Catalog Offers &amp; Finance Deals &amp; Offers Estimate Payments Trade-in Appraisal Contact Chevrolet Schedule a Test Drive Get Email Updates Live Chat Search Inventory Request a Quote Locate a Store  Locate a Store Please enter your ZIP code to find dealers in your area: GO Click Here for Advanced Search.  View All Dealers Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals &amp; Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards &amp; Safety Design &amp; Technology History &amp; About All Search Search Popular Searches Camaro Silverado Equinox Corvette Impala  Cruze MYEE Traverse Volt Silverado Accessories Chat Contact Us Questions Cars Crossovers &amp; SUVs Trucks &amp; Vans All 2013 Camaro Convertible 2012 Camaro Convertible Model Overview Photos &amp; Videos Models &amp; Specs Compare Build Your Own Search Inventory Previous As shown: $42,635* ALL CAMARO. FROM BOTTOM UP, TO TOP DOWN. [if IE 8]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/static/cms/chevroletflex/css/main-ie8.css" /><![endif] [if IE 7]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/static/cms/chevroletflex/css/main-ie7.css" /><![endif] [if IE 6]><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/static/cms/chevroletflex/css/main-ie6.css" /><![endif] See Other Camaro Models Close MSRP from$23,345* Rekindle your passion for driving. The unmistakable Camaro Coupe. All that performance and up to 30 MPG highway. 30 mpg hwy 426 horsepower V6 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO COUPE MSRP from$23,345* MSRP from$30,660* This isn’t just any convertible, it’s a Camaro Convertible. Drop the top and experience the surge of its 323 horsepower V6 engine. 28 mpg hwy 426 horsepower V6 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP from$30,660* MSRP from$54,350* With the 6.2L supercharged engine and its 580 horsepower and 556 lb.-ft. of torque, this is barely street legal. 19 mpg hwy 580 horsepower V8 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP from$54,350* MSRP from$59,545* Drop that top in 18 seconds or less and feel the thrust of the 6.2L supercharged engine that packs 580 horsepower and 556 lb.-ft. of torque. 19 mpg hwy 580 horsepower V8 engine Learn More Build Get a Quote Photos & Videos  2013 CAMARO ZL1 CONVERTIBLE MSRP from$59,545* As shown: $42,635* As shown: $42,635* As shown: $42,635* Next Change Color Silver Ice Metallic Ashen Gray Black Crystal Red Tintcoat (extra-cost color $395) Inferno Orange Metallic (extra-cost color $395) Blue Ray Metallic Rally Yellow (extra-cost color $395) Summit White Victory Red Connect with Camaro MSRP from $30,660* Request a Quote Search Inventory near you View Inventory Search Inventory Enter Zip Search Search Inventory Please contact a dealer Start a New Search KBB.com Consumer Rating 9.2 out of 10 overall rating KBB.com EPA Estimated MPG 28 mpg hwy † Learn About Efficiency Max. HP 426 horsepower † Learn About Performance Standard V6 engine † Learn About Performance  THE SKY'S THE LIMIT  If a picture is worth a thousand words, scroll through a few shots of the stunning 2013 Camaro Convertible above. Back yet? Ok. What’s not to fall in love with? You’ll get that priceless open-air driving experience in under 20 seconds. The sun, the wind, the music blaring. Everything you’ve imagined. And when the weather forces you to seal things up, you’ll get a top that closely follows the coupe design. That’s when you start to realize the difference. This isn’t just any convertible, it’s a Camaro Convertible. The unmistakable design. The 323 horsepower V6, or the massive boost behind the 426 horsepower V8 available on the SS. The excitement of its 4-wheel independent suspension and the world class braking you can’t get on a Mustang. The technology you’ll find inside the cockpit. By the time you uncover the accessible price and the up-to-28-MPG highway † it’s going to be hard to change your mind. The 2013 Camaro has been recognized by J.D. Power as the “Highest Ranked Midsize Sporty Car in Initial Quality in a Tie.” † Download Catalog Download Spec Sheet   Runs Circles Around Your Expectations  2013 Camaro 2SS Convertible in Rally Yellow (extra-cost color), available RS Package and Black Rally Stripes. Outstanding Performance and Efficiency Not only does the Camaro LFX V6 boast 323 horses that will propel you from 0 to 60 in 6.1 seconds, but it also offers impressive fuel efficiency: 28 MPG highway † . The dual overhead cam engine gives you heart-racing performance. Direct injection and Variable Valve Timing combine to ensure you’ll never waste a drop of gas. This is one high-tech, low-down, powerful engine. If unbridled power is what you’re after, the Camaro SS 6.2L V8 aluminum engine offers 426 horsepower and 420 lb.-ft. of torque, befitting its aggressive reputation.  Suspension and Steering That Helps Keep You in Control  It’s so fun to drive, you might just volunteer to pick up the dry cleaning. The independent rear suspension and variable-ratio power steering give you the kind of handling you’ve only dreamt about. Its chassis is tuned to stick in turns and handle transitional situations like a champion. A 52/48 front-to-rear weight ratio gives you the kind of balance you’d expect in the world’s best sports cars. New for 2013 for those who choose manual transmissions is Hill Start Assist that will help keep your Camaro from rolling backwards when you’re taking off from an inclined position.  Performance From the Ground Up The exhilarating Camaro experience starts — literally — where the rubber meets the road. New 20-inch wheels are available on LT and standard on SS, and make a statement that’s impossible to ignore. Pair them with Pirelli † PZero™ ultra high performance summer-only tires † for a true experience of style and power.  2013 Camaro 2SS Convertible in Rally Yellow (extra-cost color), available RS Package and Black Rally Stripes.  2SS Convertible in Rally Yellow (extra-cost color) with aluminum tower-to-tower brace for added reinforcement.  2013 Camaro Convertible SS with standard Brembo ® brakes.  2013 Camaro Convertible SS standard 426 HP aluminum V8 (400 with available automatic).  2013 Camaro 2LT Convertible in Summit White with available RS Package and Black Rally Stripes. All the Excitement of a Camaro SS. With the Top Down.  The first time you strap yourself into Camaro SS, make a mental note on where the hood release is. You’ll thank yourself later. Because with this car you don’t just prop the hood to add windshield washer fluid. Camaro packs an engine you’ll want to stand back and admire. And maybe let your friends sneak a peek at. If they’re lucky. Unbridled Camaro Power... The 6.2L V8, paired with the standard 6-speed transmission, offers 426 horsepower and 420 lb.-ft. of torque. Or opt for the high-tech combination of speed and efficiency with the 6-speed automatic transmission SS model with Active Fuel Management™, which offers 24 MPG highway † and delivers 400 horsepower. ...and the Tools to Control It Launch Control on the manual transmission SS helps control wheel spin for faster 0-60 sprints. TAPshift ® manual controls on the automatic transmission SS give you command over the gear selection for an exhilarating sports car experience, while keeping the transitions smooth. The SS Performance-Tuned suspension with finely tuned stabilizer dampers provides an outstanding ride, balanced transitions, and excellent steering and handling. Pair it with the standard 20-inch wheels with Pirelli † PZero™ ultra high performance summer-only tires † and Brembo ® brakes for superior performance and control.   Control the features of your 2013 Camaro with the touch of a button, right from your steering wheel. You’ll Feel It, They’ll Hear It  You’ll notice the electrically assisted power steering that is tuned for a specific feel and performance characteristics. It replaces traditional hydraulic power steering on the Camaro SS. As for that sound they hear, that’s the ZL1-inspired, available dual-mode exhaust on the Camaro SS. It enables peak performance at high engine speeds, and has been engineered to create an aggressive sound at idle without overwhelming when cruising at a steady speed—the drawback of some aftermarket performance exhausts. Send See Features So High-Tech It’s Almost Sci-Fi  The Head-Up Display on the 2LT and 2SS projects key stats on the vehicle's windshield.  2013 Camaro LT, SS and ZL1 models will come equipped standard with Chevrolet MyLink † .  Control the features of your 2013 Camaro with the touch of a button, right from your steering wheel. Head-Up Display  Standard on 2LT and 2SS, the Head-Up Display (HUD) is specially designed for high-performance driving situations. The HUD presents performance data without requiring the driver to look away from the usual viewpoint. HUD displays speed, rpm and more — even your radio station — right on the windshield. You can even customize the display height and intensity to best help you stay on top of vital information while keeping your eyes on the road.  Mobile Apps Stay connected to your Camaro with myChevrolet † or OnStar ® RemoteLink™ † mobile apps. Start your vehicle † check diagnostics, contact roadside assistance, schedule routine maintenance and more. Available from the iTunes Store and Android Marketplace . Wireless Technology Stepping into your car no longer means stepping away from your day. Take calls and connect your music with the touch of a button † available on select phones. OnStar ® Turn-by-Turn Navigation Have upcoming turns and street names displayed on the Driver Information Center or hear directions from the automated voice through OnStar ®† standard for the first six months. Or choose the available navigation radio for maps and directions downloaded to the new 7-inch diagonal touch-screen.  Satellite Radio Enjoy a 12-month (2LT and SS models) or three-month trial (1LT and 1SS models) of SiriusXM Satellite Radio † from coast to coast. See channel listings and more info.  Boston Acoustics Enjoy performance sound with the available Boston Acoustics premium eight-speaker sound system.  Remote Start Press the button on your key fob and start your vehicle remotely † . Requires available automatic transmission on LT and SS models. Send See Features 2013 Hot Wheels Special Edition  Full-Size Fun Available on either the Camaro 2LT or 2SS, and immediately recognizable as a Hot Wheels ® -inspired Camaro with exterior features such as a vibrant Kinetic Blue Metallic paint scheme and 21&quot; red-striped wheels, this limited special edition is truly unique, as it’s the first-ever full-size production Hot Wheels car offered for sale by any manufacturer. With production beginning in the first half of 2013, this new collaboration from Chevrolet and Hot Wheels holds great cultural significance, as the 1968 Custom Camaro 1:64-scale toy was one of the original sixteen Hot Wheels cars ever created. This rare opportunity to actually drive home a real-life Hot Wheels Camaro will be a dream come true for millions of fans and collectors alike.  Send Learn More With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility First with Five in Every Category The 2013 Chevrolet Camaro Coupe has received the highest possible five-star score in every individual safety rating segment of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s New Car Assessment Program † . Learn more about the safety rating. For Camaro, it’s high performance safety before, during and after a crash.  Before Standard on every Camaro, antilock brakes and the StabiliTrak ® Electronic Stability Control System with Traction Control help keep you in control during emergency maneuvers. The control module compares your steering input with the vehicle’s actual response and, if necessary, makes the corrections to help keep you on track. During In the event of a collision, four standard air bags † help protect heads, chests and knees. And the ultra-strength steel safety cage helps keep everyone in the vehicle protected. After OnStar ®† Automatic Crash Response, standard for the first six months on all Camaro models, means you can be automatically connected to emergency assistance if a crash occurs — whether or not the air bags deploy. Read more about Chevy vehicle safety. Send See Features How Sustainable is the Camaro? Check out its “Ecologic” Features. Here at Chevrolet, we believe in being a responsible steward of our environment. Recently, we’ve developed a new way to communicate some of the environmentally significant features of each vehicle we make. We call it “Ecologic.”  Every aspect of Ecologic is audited by Two Tomorrows, an independent third party sustainability auditor. To learn more about Ecologic and the Two Tomorrows’ process, click here. Fuel-Saving Technologies  On models with the 3.6L V6 engine, Continuously Variable Valve Timing (VVT) adjusts airflow in and out of the combustion chamber under all engine speeds, which makes for better fuel economy and lower emissions. With Direct Injection, fuel is injected directly into the combustion chamber in one of two ways; either before air flows into the cylinder or at the same time, resulting in efficient power generation and fuel consumption. On models with the 6.2L V8 engine, electric power steering uses an electric motor instead of an engine-driven belt, which results in a lighter overall workload and increased efficiency. Active Fuel Management™ deactivates fuel delivery to 4 cylinders in lighter-load conditions, such as highway cruising, which improves fuel economy (V8 SS, automatic transmission only). Responsible Manufacturing  The engine facilities are landfill-free. These facilities use a process to reuse, recycle or convert to energy all waste created in their daily operations, which conserves resources. Some water and engine-air deflectors are manufactured with more than 99% recycled content, which includes used tires. Recycled material conserves resources and reduces landfill deposits. Landfill gas supplies 16% of the energy to heat and cool the Toledo, OH, transmission facility (automatic transmission only), which makes the facility less reliant on fossil fuels. The facility also features a designated habitat area certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council, which provides ecological benefits. End-of-Life Recyclability  After the vehicle’s useful life, 85% of it is recyclable. The majority of its components can be broken down and recycled, which conserves resources and reduces landfill deposits.  Send See Features BUILD YOUR 2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP from $30,660* Build Your Own Request a Quote Get a Trade-in Appraisal View Deals &amp; Offers Calculate Monthly Payments  1 4 EPA estimate. 2 19 The 2013 Chevrolet Camaro received the lowest number of problems per 100 vehicles among midsize sporty cars in a tie in the proprietary J.D. Power 2013 Initial Quality Study SM . Study based on responses from 83,442 new-vehicle owners, measuring 230 models and measures opinions after 90 days of ownership. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of owners surveyed in February-May 2013. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com . 3 5 Pirelli is a trademark of Pirelli &amp; C. S.p.A. 4 3 Go to gm.com/bluetooth to find out which phones are compatible with the vehicle. 5 Fuel Economy 1LT and 2LT with 3.6L V6 engine with standard manual transmission 6 HP 426hp @5900 RPM on 1SS and 2SS with standard manual transmission 7 18 Government 5-Star Safety Ratings are part of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s (NHTSA’s) New Car Assessment Program ( www.SaferCar.gov ). 8 19 MyLink functionality varies by model. Full functionality requires compatible Bluetooth and smartphone, and USB connectivity for some devices. MyLink on Camaro does not include CD player. 9 Engine 1LT and 2LT 10 14 Requires available remote vehicle starter system and automatic transmission. 11 15 Air bag inflation can cause severe injury or death to anyone too close to the air bag when it deploys. Be sure every occupant is properly restrained. 12 10 Requires a subscription sold separately by SiriusXM after trial period. Available only in the 48 contiguous United States and Washington, D.C. Visit siriusxm.com for details. 13 8 Requires iPhone or Android platform. 14 6 Do not use summer-only tires in winter conditions, as it would adversely affect vehicle safety, performance and durability. Use only GM-approved tire and wheel combinations. Unapproved combinations may change the vehicle's performance characteristics. For important tire and wheel information, go to gmaccessorieszone.com or see your dealer. 15 13 Available on iPhone, Android and select BlackBerry devices. Services vary by phone, vehicle and conditions. Requires active OnStar subscription. 16 12 Visit onstar.com for coverage map, details and system limitations. Services vary by model and conditions. OnStar acts as a link to existing emergency service providers. Vehicles Cars Crossovers SUVs Trucks Vans Diesel Vehicles Performance Vehicles Hybrid Vehicles All Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Commercial Use Fleet Awards &amp; Accolades Shopping Tools Deals &amp; Offers Estimate Payments Locate a Store Build Your Own Search Inventory Request Quote Request Test Drive Competitive Comparison Offers &amp; Finance Deals &amp; Offers Trade-in Appraisal Estimate Credit Score Apply for Credit Chevy Volt Car Tax Credit Estimate Payments Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards &amp; Safety Design &amp; Technology History &amp; About All Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals &amp; Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Help Center Click to Chat FAQ Contact Us Download A Catalog Email Updates Site Map GM Sites Visit GM.com Chevrolet Worldwide Follow Chevrolet  Copyright &amp; Trademark Privacy Statement Important Information User Guidelines AdChoices Español *The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Chevrolet vehicles' destination freight charges . **The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Destination freight charge is $995 for 2014 Tahoe, 2014 SS, 2014 Corvette Coupe and 2014 Corvette Convertible. SiteCatalyst code version: H.14.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com Close Destination Freight Charges  To allow you to do an accurate price comparison with prices featured on other Internet sites, GM provides Internet pricing both with and without the Destination Freight Charge (see prices including Destination Freight Charge below). To get full pricing details, go to our Build Your Own section. 2014 Vehicles 2013 Vehicles 2012 Vehicles 2014 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SPARK EV MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  ALL-NEW 2014 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 2500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 3500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CAMARO ZL1 CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE 427 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 TAHOE HYBRID MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 BLACK DIAMOND AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EXPRESS MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 COLORADO MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  