 Close  Welcome! Login | Signup Login | My Dashboard | Register Logout | My Dashboard Email/cell alerts Subscribe Submit news/letters HTO VIP Contact Us Manage home delivery  HeraldTimesOnline: Arts & Entertainment  Hot Topics    New Bloomingfoods store opens to fans without the fanfare    Downtown garage ‘three free’ parking system to start Wednesday    Man reports armed robbery at Bloomington apartment  Home News Today on HTO Local Crime IU K-12 schools Business Traffic State Nation/world Today in photos BizNet  Top Story    New Bloomingfoods store opens to fans without the fanfare  Bloomingfoods didn’t exactly circle a date on the calendar and roll out the trumpets for its weekend opening of a new Elm Heights store.  Updated:  3:14 pm    Comments  (5)  rss More headlines    Downtown garage ‘three free’ parking system to start Wednesday    Man reports armed robbery at Bloomington apartment    Bloodhounds help police track down missing people in Indiana    Bedford police: Woman battered officer   Weather Forecast  Sports Sports home IU Hoosier Scoop blog High schools Quick Hits blog Fantasy Racing League  Top Story    IU gameday menu expands  This is a guy who doesn’t mind blowing stuff up occasionally.  Updated:  3:15 pm    Comments  (6)  rss More headlines    Outlaws lacrosse to host open house    Stars bounce Mustangs, 3-0    Cougars fall on the road to Bull Dogs in girls’ golf    Edgewood falls at Otis Park   Opinion Opinion home Hotline Letters to the editor Recent comments HTO live discussions  Obits Living Living home Food Outdoors Down to earth Neighbors Relationships Religion Pathways My favorite ride Pets Hoosier Wine Cellar myINstride.com Special publications  A & E A & E home the Scene calendar Movie times TV schedule Mellencamp blog Sudoku Comics Horoscopes  Salaries/stats Crime map Salaries Property transfers All searchable databases  About Contact us Share with HTO User info Subscription rates Privacy Twitter  Rentals Homes Jobs Cars Classifieds Classifieds home Jobs Cars Real estate Pets Place an ad  [if lt IE 9]><script type="text/javascript">$("ul.navigation.mega .mega-nav-container .blox-img-loader").each(function(){$(this).attr('src', $(this).data('original'));$(this).removeClass('blox-img-loader');});</script><![endif]   Home   Arts & Entertainment  Timberlake, ’N Sync take over Video Music Awards NEW YORK — Miley Cyrus’ foam finger, Lady Gaga’s thong, Taylor Swift’s mean streak and the look on Rihanna’s face while Drake performed will surely be remembered, but these MTV Video Music Awards belonged to Justin Timberlake. posted: August 27   Comments  (0)  Recent stories  Theater Review: ‘ Oleanna ’  Ivy Tech’s ‘Oleanna’ a look at power wars and human miscommunication  The days of the diminutive, needful college coed (why are only women called this?) and the all-knowing, patriarchal, white male professor are over. Or are they? In Ivy Tech’s two-night run of “Oleanna” at the John Waldron Arts Center, David Mamet’s play on sexual harassment gives a divided look at this important subject without any clear answers. Meanwhile, the mayor of San Diego has been forced to step down because of multiple sexual harassment complaints.   Comments  (0)   Julie Harris, Broadway star, dies at 87  NEW YORK — Julie Harris, one of Broadway’s most honored performers, whose roles ranged from the flamboyant Sally Bowles in “I Am a Camera” to the reclusive Emily Dickinson in “The Belle of Amherst,” died Saturday. She was 87.   Comments  (0)   Ronstadt tells AARP she has Parkinson’s disease  LOS ANGELES — Linda Ronstadt says she suffers from Parkinson’s disease, which has destroyed her ability to sing. The 67-year-old music legend tells AARP Magazine, in an article posted online Friday, that she was diagnosed eight months ago and “can’t sing a note.”   Comments  (1)   Super Quiz: What’s new geographically?  Take this Super Quiz to a Ph.D. Score 1 point for each correct answer on the freshman level, 2 points on the graduate level and 3 points on the Ph.D. level.   Comments  (0)   Feline groovy: Local cat Lil Bub becomes Internet phenomenon  Movies, books, webisodes, Internet fame. For Mike Bridavsky, it all started with a kitten.   Comments  (3)  Arts Corner  Labor weekend means fun options in Bloomington  The Labor Day weekend is typically one last chance to enjoy a long, warm three days.   Comments  (0)   Art exhibit features rare photos  An exhibit opening next week will feature rarely seen images by Life magazine photographer Margaret Bourke-White.   Comments  (0) Music Beat  CD selection includes restored recordings of Met broadcasts  My plans for today’s Music Beat, prior to the start of a new season, had been to do some catching up on CDs. That turns out to be timely, what with WFIU’s decision to restore some favorite programs come October, including the Saturday afternoon Metropolitan Opera broadcasts.   Comments  (1)   Arts Watch — Aug. 25, 2013  AUDITIONS   Comments  (0)   On Exhibit — Aug. 25, 2013  Items announcing exhibits of original artwork may be submitted by mail to On Exhibit, Hoosier Times, P.O. Box 909, Bloomington, IN 47402, or by email to onexhibit@heraldt.com . Deadline is noon Tuesday. Call 812-331-4375.   Comments  (0) Theater  Bloomington offers many chances to see and participate in theater  The bell has rung, and school begins again. From the first day of kindergarten to the final year of graduate school, Bloomington fills with the gift of education.   Comments  (0)   Police: Intruder found at Lopez’s Hamptons estate  SOUTHAMPTON, N.Y. — Police say an intruder had been living for a week on Jennifer Lopez’s property in the Hamptons while she was away.   Comments  (0)   Beau Biden returns to Delaware with father  DOVER, Del. — Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden was back home Thursday with his father, Vice President Joe Biden, after undergoing a medical procedure at a Houston cancer center.   Comments  (1)   Wentworth Miller rejects Russian invite  LOS ANGELES — Wentworth Miller is declining an invitation to be an honored guest at a film festival in Russia because he is gay.   Comments  (0)   Hot Spots — Bam Bam’s Brass Band, Krista Detor, and Cindy Kallet and Grey Larsen   Centerpiece Three times the bam   Comments  (0)   Lotus fest schedule announced  The schedule for September’s Lotus World Music and Art Festival 2013 has been announced.   Comments  (0)   New movies, special showings in Bloomington and surrounding area  OPENING FRIDAY   Comments  (0)   Book signing scheduled for Saturday  Donijo Ash will sign copies of her book “Enchanted Flight” from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday at Barnes and Noble, 2813 E. Third St.   Comments  (0)   Top 5 — Aug. 22, 2013  Top Albums   Comments  (0)   On Stage — Aug. 22, 2013  Email your theater news to arts@heraldt.com . Deadline for Thursday’s Calendar is 10 a.m. Monday.   Comments  (0)   Bill Rancic on being a power couple with E! News wife Giuliana  NEW YORK — Bill Rancic embraces the notion of being part of a power couple with wife Giuliana. Both together and separately they have pretty busy careers, made exponentially more intense with the arrival of their son, Edward Duke, last year.   Comments  (0)  Movie Review: ‘ I ’ m So Excited! ’  The plane in Spain flies mainly high in ‘I’m So Excited!’  ”I’m So Excited!,” the larky new film by Spain’s Pedro Almodovar, affirms the suspicions of those of us who fly economy class and suspect we’re missing out on a lot of fun on the forward side of the curtain.   Comments  (0)   Dolly Parton plans new resort, coaster in 10-year, $300 million expansion  NASHVILLE, Tenn. — To see the future of Dollywood, you need to borrow the vision of its chief imaginer, Dolly Parton.   Comments  (0)   McPartland dies at age 95  In this March 19, 2008 file photo, Marian McPartland smiles while playing the piano during a celebration of her 90th birthday in New York. McPartland, 95, the legendary jazz pianist and host of the National Public Radio show "Piano Jazz," died of natural causes Tuesday at her Port Washington home on Long Island. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig)   Comments  (0)   News of the Weird — Aug. 22, 2013  Roach Motel   Comments  (0)    Related Comics Horoscopes Movie times Sudoku Bloomington, IN Current Conditions Few Clouds 87&deg; Humidity: 59% Winds: W at 3mph Feels Like: 93&deg; Your Extended Forecast Today High 92&deg;/Low 71&deg; Times of sun and clouds Tomorrow High 93&deg;/Low 70&deg; A few clouds Thursday High 91&deg;/Low 67&deg; Partly cloudy Friday High 92&deg;/Low 69&deg; Mainly sunny 7 Day Forecast tab 0 tab 1 Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories IU freshman dies after falling down basement stairs IU freshman on life support after falling down basement stairs Coroner: IU student died of head injury Police beat: Report of drug deal in park; jail bookings Obituaries — August 21, 2013 More Photos More Videos More All Zinn a patriot who fought for truth (51) Bloomington among top 25 'best small places' for business, Forbes says (49) Reclaiming summer: Petition asks MCCSC board to start school later in the year (48) County setting limits on the courthouse lawn (43) Letter: Take back Republic (42) More  Submit your local A&amp;E event for the Scene Calendar  Submit your local A&E; event for the Scene Calendar Submit your local A&E; event to the Bloomington Scene calendar Submit your local A&E; event   Horoscopes  Horoscopes What's your future? Get all the details in the Daily Horoscope section. View your horoscope tab 0 tab 1 tab 2   Contact us heraldtimesonline.com heraldtimesonline.com Phone number: 800-422-0070 E-mail: webstaff@hoosiertimes.com Address: 1900 South Walnut Bloomington, IN 47402 Sections Home News Sports IU sports HS sports Opinion Obituaries Living A &amp; E Data Weather Services About Us Contact Us Print subscription rates Manage home delivery Mobile version Area business profiles Search <input type="hidden" name="s" value="start_time" />  <input type="hidden" name="sd" value="desc" /> Search in: All News Sports High School Sports IU Sports A&amp;E Living Data Opinion Photos Video View all stories for a date: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2012 2013 GO &copy; Copyright 2013, HeraldTimesOnline , Bloomington, IN . Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com . [ Privacy Policy ] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Screen Name or Email Now I remember!  Or, use your linked account:  facebook  google  yahoo  openID  aol  Need an account? Create one now.  [if IE 6]> <script type="text/javascript" src="components/core_base_library/resources/scripts/ddBelatedPNG.js"></script> <script type="text/javascript"> jQuery(function(){ DD_belatedPNG.fix('.blox-transparency,.ui-icon,.ui-icon-pause,.ui-icon-seek-next,#blox-body-nav'); }); </script> <![endif]  