     Home &gt; Language Arts  Language Arts Learning Language Arts Through Literature Learning Language Arts Through Literature is a complete language arts program for first grade through high  school. Using an integrated approach to learning, students learn  the skills appropriate for each grade level in the context of  real literature. When using Learning Language Arts Through  Literature , students learn skills in the context of whole  literature. This creates a deeper understanding and generates  greater interest in grammar, writing mechanics, vocabulary,  spelling, and other language skills. Click Here For  Detailed Information on LLATL  Great Editing Adventures  Great Explorations in Editing  Finally, a daily grammar  review that kids love! Students read adventure stories while  searching for errors in punctuation, spelling, synonyms and  grammar. They learn, review and have fun all in one sitting. Click Here For Detailed Information on  Great Editing Adventure series or Great Explorations in Editing  series  Wordsmith Series  The highly popular Wordsmith Series is an exciting creative writing course for  Grade 4 through High School. Step-by-step instructions make  teaching easy. What a difference this series will make as you  and your student watch the ability to express thoughts in  writing grow and unfold.  Click Here  For Detailed Information on Wordsmith  Spelling Program If you happen to be a person  with a strong visual memory you remember how words look. Poor  spellers, however, canÂ&rsquo;t recall how a word should look. In How to Teach Any Child to Spell , Gayle Graham offers a  simple solution to the problem: Pull the studentÂ&rsquo;s own  misspelled words from the context of his own writing. Categorize  and study those words using the studentÂ&rsquo;s individualized  spelling notebook, Tricks of the Trade (Pictured).  Click Here For  Detailed Information on the Spelling Program.  Reading Skills Discovery The Bookshelf Collection is an exciting alternative to traditional, boring book reports.  A brief summary, comprehension questions, and reproducible clip  art allow maximum teacher involvement with minimum effort.  Suggested projects easily correlate with Dinah ZikeÂ&rsquo;s Big  Book of Books and Activities (optional). Click Here For Detailed  Information on Reading Skills Discovery.  Search Site  FREE Teaching Tips E-Newsletter Sign Up Now!  Your Feedback  Copyright &copy; 2009 Common Sense Press. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Contact Us | About CSP | Free Teaching Tips E-Newsletter Send comments, questions or suggestions to: info@commonsensepress.com Common Sense Press, 8786 Highway 21, Melrose, FL 32666. Ph: (352) 475-5757 If you have any problems viewing this site please CLICK HERE to contact our Webmaster. Web Design by AdServices.net 