  Find a Person A Vincentian University  Learn about  St. Vincent de Paul Programs of Study Undergraduate Programs Certificate Programs Honors Program Combined Degrees Minors Requirements American Studies Combined Degrees General Information Visiting and Summer Sessions Departments Art and Design Asian Studies Institute Biological Sciences Chemistry Communication Sciences and Disorders Economics English Environmental Studies Government and Politics Languages and Literatures History Institute for Core Studies Math and Computer Science Philosophy Physics Psychology Sociology & Anthropology Rhetoric, Communication and Theatre Theology and Religious Studies Faculty Administration New Faculty 2013 Grants and Resources Success Stories Faculty Students Alumni Internships Department Contacts About the College Welcome Leading Voices:A Speaker Series The Peter P. and Margaret A. D’Angelo Chair Marketing and Communication Procedures College Highlights Alumni Faculty Students Events Fall 2013 Rousseau Webcast Brochures  Home &gt; Academics and Schools &gt; Undergraduate &gt; St. John's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences &gt; Departments  Departments Art and Design Programs of Study Scholarships Sullivan Graphic Classroom Activities Portfolio Requirements Faculty Asian Studies Institute Biological Sciences Chemistry Communication Sciences and Disorders Economics English Environmental Studies Government and Politics Languages and Literatures History Institute for Core Studies Math and Computer Science Philosophy Physics Psychology Sociology &amp; Anthropology Rhetoric, Communication and Theatre Theology and Religious Studies As a department, our greatest strength derives from our positionas an integral part of the larger liberal arts university; andstudents pursuing degrees in our programs are the beneficiaries.Since the making of images is an intellectual process, theeducation of artists should go considerably beyond instruction oftechnique and media. Artistic process-at it's best-is creative,intuitive, analytical and complex. Our commitment is to instruct young artists, providing them withthe tools, techniques, vocabulary, traditions and history of theirchosen profession, so that they possess as comprehensive andsubstantive and educational experience as possible. In this waythey will have the technical and intellectual preparation necessaryfor the development of their own personal creative solutions andthe means to make better-informed career decisions. Further, our vibrant department has gained NASAD (National Association ofSchools of Art and Design) accreditation, aligning us with thehighest standards held by leading art schools nationwide. If, after having read this, our programs interest you, and youwould like to visit our department for a studio tour, pleasecontact us at (718) 990-6250. Or E-mail us at paladpan@stjohns.edu . We'llbe happy to meet with you, review your portfolio and discuss yourcareer plans. Upcoming Events Currently no events are listed. All Upcoming Events Related Links Dr. M. T. Geoffrey Yeh Art Gallery Programs of Study Scholarships Activities Student News Home St. John's Central UIS Privacy Notice of Non-Discrimination Safety Work at St. John's Feedback Contact Us Site Map Webmail &copy; 2013 St. John's University  