 Skip to main content Boston College Search BC Secondary navigation: A &ndash; Z BCInfo Maps Directories College of Arts and Sciences  Fine Arts Home Left Navigation: 2013 News About Fine Arts Faculty Art History Film Studies Studio Art Fine Arts Courses Foreign Study Additional Programs Learning Goals Facilities Health and Safety Links and Resources Contact Fine Arts Maps and Directions Fine Arts Events Calendar McMullen Museum College of Arts and Sciences Art on the Web Breadcrumb navigation: bc home &gt; schools &gt; cas &gt; Current page: finearts Fine Arts Department Fine Arts featured stories Mark Cooper speaks about his goals, his creative process, and the importance of art-making. He was filmed in conjunction with his exhibition More is More at the Samson Gallery, Boston, MA. This show was recently reviewed in The Boston Phoenix . Fine Arts in focus - digital resources Fine Arts in the Digital Age The Fine Arts Department offers a wide array of electronic resources for students to interact with art in a digital way. The Becker Collection Interactive Feature from @BC On assignment, these artists sent scenes of war to their newspaper editors, who sometimes saw—and printed—things differently. Online Galleries Senior Exhibit Catalog 2012 View the work of student artists from the class of 2013 . Senior catalogs from 2012 | 2011 | 2010 . Student gallery View work by some of the department's current students. Faculty gallery The fine arts faculty consists of serious scholars and professional artists. View some of their work. More featured stories Fine Arts News Student Profile Joon Sung Park A&amp;S ’12, a studio art major who concentrated on ceramics, was featured in the September issue of Ceramics Monthly (vol. 60, no. 7, Sept. 2012, p. 58) in their Undergraduate Showcase. His work was also featured in the summer issue of Boston College Magazine . Previous Student Profiles Fine Arts Event Calendar Fine Arts Resources Charles S. and Isabella V. McMullen Museum of Art Journal of Religion and the Arts Bapst Art Library BC Arts Council McMullen Museum Become a fan on facebook Updated: June 27, 2013 Maintained by: Fine Arts Department Contact | Feedback | Top of page &copy; 2013 The Trustees of Boston College. Legal 