  MORTGAGE RATES, FINANCIAL RATES &amp; ADVICE SINCE 1992 Mortgage Rates Credit Cards Auto Loans Insurance Savings Accounts No Cost Refinance Refinancing Home Equity  Automotive Loans: Trading in a Car Automotive Loans: What Laws Protect Car Buyers? Automotive Loans: Trade In or Sell a Car? Automotive Loans: Is Zero Percent Financing Really Possible? Automotive Loans: Determining a Down Payment Automotive Loans: The Truth About &quot;Add-Ons&quot; Automotive Loans: Top 5 Mistakes When Buying a Car Automotive Loans: Refinancing Automotive Loans: Shopping Online Automotive Loans: Dealer Incentives to Buy Automotive Loans: Car Buying Incentives Automotive Loans: Should You Buy New or Used? Automotive Loans: What to Know About Interest Rates Automotive Loans: Negotiating a Loan with a Dealer Automotive Loans: How Much Car Can You Afford? Automotive Loans: Understanding Typical Loan Language Automotive Loans: Types of Financing Automotive Loans: Buying Vs Leasing Automotive Loans: Applying for a Car Loan Buying a Car: Standard and Extended Warranties Car Buying: Financing Background and Steps Leasing a Car: Two Types of Leases - Closed &amp; Open Buying a Used Car: Two Options Buying a Car: 5 Steps to Find the Perfect Deal Buying a Car: 5 Steps to Find the Perfect Vehicle Buying vs. Leasing Cars: A Comparison  Automobile Financing Buying a Used Car: Two Options by Amy Lillard  Is a used car on your horizon? If you&rsquo;ve decided that a used car is your ideal purchase, you have multiple options for shopping, financing and protecting your purchase. In this article we detail dealer and private sales of used cars, and advise you on what to expect. Dealership Buying a used car from a dealer is in many ways similar to buying a new car. You have the option of paying in full or financing over time. You have comprehensive vehicle information. And &ndash; you have lots of pitfalls to avoid. First, be well versed on the loan options and payment schedules available to you. Pay close attention to the loan details &ndash; the exact price, the amount you&rsquo;re repaying, the finance charge, the APR, and the down payment required. New and Used Auto Loan Rates Choose Your State Below   Dealers are required by the Federal Trade Commission to post a Buyers Guide in every used car for sale. The Buyers Guide will tell you: &#149; Whether the vehicle is being sold &ldquo;as is&rdquo; or with a warranty &#149; What percentage of the repair costs a dealer will pay under the warranty &#149; The major mechanical and electrical systems on the car, including any major problems to watch out for &#149; To get all promises in writing &#149; To keep the guide for reference after the sale &#149; To ask an independent mechanic to inspect the car before purchase The Buyers Guide acts as law for the sales contract, and overrides any contrary provisions. If the Guide says the car comes with a warranty but the contract says the car is sold &ldquo;as is,&rdquo; the dealer must provide the warranty described in the Guide. Several types of warranties can govern your used car: &#149; As-is. For all intents and purposes, this car has no warranty. &#149; Implied Warranty. State laws hold dealers responsible if cars don&rsquo;t meet reasonable quality standards. Usually this applies to the basic functions of a car. A &ldquo;warranty of merchantability&rdquo; promises that the car will do what it&rsquo;s supposed to &ndash; run. Watch in the contract or other written notices if dealers eliminate this implied warranty with &ldquo;as is&rdquo; or &ldquo;with all faults&rdquo; notations. &#149; Unexpired Manufacturer&rsquo;s Warranties. With these, your car is still covered under the original manufacturer warranty . Ensure you have all the information on what&rsquo;s covered, expiration date and miles, and necessary paperwork. &#149; Service Contracts. Providing repair and maintenance for a set time, service contracts are like warranties, but are not included in the price of the car. Consider these carefully, including the service offered and price. New and Used Auto Loan Rates Choose Your State Below    Private Owners Buying a used car from a private owner may be cheaper. But private sellers are not covered by the Federal Trade Commission&rsquo;s rules and don&rsquo;t have to use Buyers Guides. In addition, private sales are usually not covered by the implied warranties given for dealership cars, meaning most used cars will be &ldquo;as is.&rdquo; Prior to making a purchase from a private seller, do your research. Find as much information online about the car&rsquo;s major systems, and use that information as a shopping tool. In addition, don&rsquo;t hesitate to have a privately sold car inspected by your mechanic. No matter if you buy a car from a private seller or dealer, protect yourself by examining the car thoroughly, test driving it under varied road conditions, inspecting the car professionally, and checking the maintenance record. Following these steps can ensure your used car will be a reliable addition to your life, and not a regrettable lemon. For more information, visit the Federal Trade Commission&rsquo;s Facts for Used Car Purchases: http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/autos/usedcar.htm. A frequent contributor to ERATE since 2006, Amy Lillard is a freelance writer specializing in turning complex information into useful tips and tricks for readers. For questions or topic suggestions, contact Amy at amy@erate.com. Other related articles: Shopping Prep: What You'll Need to Obtain Car Insurance Quotes Auto Insurance Quotes and Policies: Commonly Used Terms Understanding Your Auto Insurance Quotes: The 7 Types of Car Insurance Car Insurance Quotes Demystified: What Factors Determine Rates Car Insurance Quotes: Discovering the Best Deals Auto Loans Advice: New Cars &amp; Used Cars Car Buying vs Car Leasing  Current Auto Loan Rates Automobile Buying/Financing Automobile Leasing Car Buying vs Car Leasing 5 Steps to Find the Perfect Car 5 Steps to the Perfect Deal Closed End or Open End Lease? Used Car Buying Auto Warranties Auto loan defaults to rise 7 percent in 2010 Auto Show Season Tips for Buyers When is the Best Time to Buy a New Car? Making a Vehicle Purchase? Enjoy These Helpful Tips Chances are, your next car will be used. Drive a hard bargain What your car is really saying 2012 President's Day auto sales among best ever Special Report: Hitting the Brakes on Auto Dealer Loans How to drive a hard auto loan bargain Shop harder for loans for gas-sipping used cars Auto Insurance How Much Auto Insurance Buying Ins - Shopping for Insurance Best Car Insurance Plan for You Car Accident - Filing a Claim Auto Ins - Terms &amp; Descriptions Driving a hard bargain on car insurance Top Selling Autos 1. Ford F-Series Pickup 2. Chevrolet Silverado 3. Toyota Camry 4. Dodge Ram 5. Honda Accord 6. Toyota Corolla 7.Honda Civic 8.Chevrolet Impala 9. Nissan Altima 10. Honda CR-V Quality Automobile Websites Your Next Car: New or Used Anaheim CA Auto Dealers Bakersfield CA Auto Dealers Chula Vista CA Auto Dealers Fresno CA Auto Dealers Huntington Beach CA Auto Dealers Irvine CA Auto Dealers Long Beach CA Auto Dealers Los Angeles CA Auto Dealers Modesto CA Auto Dealers Oakland CA Auto Dealers Riverside CA Auto Dealers Sacramento CA Auto Dealers San Bernardino CA Auto San Diego CA Auto Dealers San Francisco CA Auto Dealers San Jose CA Auto Dealers San Mateo CA Auto Dealers Santa Ana CA Auto Dealers Stockton CA Auto Dealers Florida Auto Dealers Auto Loan Quotes Zip Code:  SiteSeal Html Builder Code:Shows the logo at URL https://seal.networksolutions.com/images/basicrecblue.gifLogo type is ("NETSP")//  Link to this page Mortgage Rates | Glossary | About ERATE | Security | Contact Us | Mortgage Rates History | New Content | Rate Widget | RSS ERATE.com &copy; 2000-2013 Privacy policy The information contained on this website is provided as a supplemental educational resource. Readers having legal or tax questions are urged to obtainadvice from their professional legal or tax advisors. While the aforementioned information has been collected from a variety of sources deemed reliable,it is not guaranteed and should be independently verified. 