 Please note: This website requires Flash and JavaScript to enjoy the full function range. Please ensure that Flash and JavaScript are activated in your browser options. To download the current flash plugin version please click here . Models Sedans Jetta From $16,720 Passat From $20,845 CC From $31,795 SUVs Tiguan From $22,995 Touareg From $43,995 Compacts Golf From $18,095 GTI From $24,200 Golf R From $34,195 Beetle From $19,995 Wagons Jetta SportWagen From $20,795 Convertibles Eos From $35,195 Beetle Convertible From $24,995 Other All Models TDI Hybrid Performance Upcoming and Concept Cars TDI Clean Diesel &amp; Hybrid TDI Clean Diesel Hybrid Shopping Tools Build &amp; Price Search New Inventory Search Pre-Owned Inventory Compare Special Offers Payment Estimator Get a Quote Find a Dealer Schedule a Test Drive Download a Brochure Trade-in Estimator Why VW Values Stories Awards &amp; Accolades Dubchat Videos Financial Services Getting Started Finance a Vehicle Lease a Vehicle Vehicle Protection Ownership Experience Contact Us My Account Online Credit Application Builder Get a Quote Find a dealer Español Live Chat Certified Used Cars Owners Login Go 2014 Beetle Convertible Showroom Features Trims &amp; Specs Compare Build &amp; Price Payment Estimator  add gallery div here!<!--[if !IE]> SPIN GALLERY BUILD & PRICE It’s a whole new way to see the Beetle.  STARTS AT $24,995 1 Legal Your browser does not support the video tag.  Coupe Convertible R-Line R-Line Convertible GSR Fender &reg; The top goes down, the fun goes up. If you want to open up on the open road, the Beetle Convertible is the perfect ride. With a simple push of a button, the Beetle sheds its shell, showing off everything this icon delivers: classic lines, a modern interior, and all the fresh air you can handle. OPEN Your browser does not support the video tag. Choose your hue.  Reef Blue/Metallic Candy White Denim Blue Moonrock Silver/Metallic Deep Black Pearl Platinum Grey/Metallic Reflex Silver/Metallic Toffee Brown/Metallic Tornado Red Yellow Rush Black Efficient, yet exhilarating, it's almost like this spirited 2.5L engine has a splitpersonality. 4 This turbocharged engine provides a boost of power when you need it. And it'll also boost your driving fun. Watch and learn about turbo The TDI &#174; Clean Diesel engine can give you a range of 594 miles on one tank, along with turbocharged performance, to help you use less fuel and moreadrenaline. 6 Watch and learn about TDI We found your wish list. CUSTOMIZABLE AMBIENT LIGHTING CUSTOMIZABLE AMBIENT LIGHTING These interior lights are available in red, white, or blue with adjustable driver controls to make them dimmer or brighter for your very own light show. DASH-MOUNTED PERFORMANCE GAUGES 8 DASH-MOUNTED PERFORMANCE GAUGES 8 The Beetle offers available easy-to-view gauges, displaying oil temperature, boost pressure, and a lap timer. Why not get some driving gloves while you're at it? V-TEX LEATHERETTE SEATING SURFACES 8 V-TEX LEATHERETTE SEATING SURFACES 8 They give you the look and feel of expensive leather, but don't wear as quickly and are easier to maintain. We would say these are the seats you dream about if you dreamed about seats. 17" TURBINE ALLOY WHEELS 17" TURBINE ALLOY WHEELS These wheels will get you going even before you get in the car. Presenting the slick 17" Turbine wheels of the Volkswagen Beetle. TOUCHSCREEN NAVIGATION SYSTEM 8 TOUCHSCREEN NAVIGATION SYSTEM 8 Its high-quality resolution and intuitive touchscreen almost make you look forward to getting lost. Which probably won't ever happen. FENDER TM PREMIUM AUDIO SYSTEM 8 FENDER TM PREMIUM AUDIO SYSTEM 8 Working with legendary music icon Fender, we created a premium sound system featuring a 400-watt amplifier, subwoofer, and eight speakers. Are you ready to rock? See all Beetle Convertible trims and specs The People's History GALLERY 1949 2013 SHARE YOURS Looking for sun in all the right places. Watch six sun lovers explore the world's sunniest spots in a Beetle Convertible. Visit Beetle.com/ASAP Users will be directed to Beetle.com/ASAP.  Volkswagen of America, Inc. is not liable for the content at Beetle.com/ASAP BUILD &amp; PRICE GET A QUOTE FIND A DEALER LEGAL 1 Model shown: 2013 Beetle Turbo Convertible in Deep Black Pearl. All prices shown are the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price. 2013 model shown. 2014 model will have different equipment and exterior features. Base MSRP of equivalently equipped 2014 Beetle R-Line Convertible is $28,995 with 6-speed manual transmission. Vehicle prices exclude transportation, title and options. Accessories prices exclude installation and painting. All prices exclude taxes and dealer charges. Dealer sets actual price. 2 Professional driver on a closed course under controlled conditions. Do not attempt. Always obey local speed and traffic laws. DRL normally turns off during emergency brake maneuvers. 3 Track performance time. Always obey all speed and traffic laws. 4 21 city/30 highway mpg (2014 Beetle Convertible 2.0L TSI&reg; 6-speed manual transmission). EPA estimates. Your mileage will vary and depends on several factors, including your driving habits and vehicle condition. 5 27 highway/21 city mpg (2014 Beetle Convertible 2.5L, 6-speed automatic transmission). EPA estimates. Your mileage will vary and depends on several factors, including your driving habits and vehicle condition. 6 Range based on 41 highway mpg EPA estimate with manual transmission and a 14.5-gallon fuel tank. Your mileage will vary. 7 28 city/41 highway mpg (2014 Beetle 2.0L TDI&reg; 6-speed manual transmission). EPA estimates. Your mileage will vary and depends on several factors, including your driving habits and vehicle condition. 8 Feature is available on select models.  Bring on the competition. Compare vehicles. Engineered with a wild streak. Meet the performance family. Deflect damaging rays with a custom Volkswagen SunShield. Find your Volkswagen Choose a Model Compare Vehicles Request a Brochure New Car Deals Near You Search Inventory VW DriverGear VW Accessories VW Parts Vehicle Help and Advice Finance your Volkswagen Car Payment Estimator Volkswagen Credit Research Credit Options Applying for Car Financing Trade-in Estimator Why VW Values Stories Add Your Story Das Blog Think Blue Enthusiasts Team VW - Running and Cycling Follow Volkswagen Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Instagram © 2013 Volkswagen of America, Inc. // Volkswagen of America, Inc., believes the specifications on this site to be correct at the time of publishing. Specifications, standard equipment, options, fabrics and colors are subject to change without notice. Some features may be unavailable when your vehicle is built. Some vehicles are pictured with options that may be available at extra cost or may not be available on some models. Ask your dealer about availability of options and verify that the vehicle you ordered includes the equipment you ordered. Tires are supplied and warranted by their manufacturer. "iPod" is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc. All rights reserved. "Bluetooth" is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. “DSG”, “TDI”, “TSI”, “Volkswagen”, “VW“, model names, and the Volkswagen logo are registered trademarks of Volkswagen AG. "Carefree Maintenance", "GLI", "Side Curtain Protection", "V-Dub", and "WorldAuto" are registered trademarks of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. * All prices are in U.S. dollars. Specifications, equipment, options and prices are subject to change without notice. Some items may be unavailable when vehicle is built. MSRP excludes taxes, destination charges, optional equipment, registration and dealer charges. Emissions charges may vary by jurisdiction. Dealer sets actual price. The 2014 Jetta Hybrid model with a starting MSRP of $25,195 is available via dealer order only in very limited quantities and only at participating Volkswagen dealers. ✝ Based on manufacturers' published data comparing non-premium midsize sedans. ✝✝ 2013 Passat 2.0L TDI Clean Diesel, manual transmission: 31 city/43 highway mpg. Range based on 43 highway mpg EPA estimate and an 18.5-gallon tank. Your mileage will vary. ‡ Government star ratings are part of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA's) New Car Assessment Program (www.safercar.gov). “Top Safety Pick+” based on moderate overlap frontal crash test, small overlap frontal crash test, side-impact crash test, rear-impact crash test, roof strength test. Test performed by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. For details, visit www.iihs.org. See vw.com for more information on safety features." Español Corporate Fleet Sales Partners Careers FAQ Contact Us Site Map Privacy Interest-Based Ads Terms  