 Log In Register Now Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Times Topics Search All NYTimes.com Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Times Topics World U.S. N.Y. / Region Business Technology Science Health Sports Opinion Arts Style Travel Jobs Real Estate Autos  Report an Error E-MAIL Books and Literature News about Books and Literature, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times. Books and Literature Chronology Aug. 23, 2013 Claudia La Rocco reviews book A Marker to Measure Drift by Alexander Maksik. MORE » Aug. 22, 2013 Book The Anatomy of Fashion: Why We Dress the Way We Do by Colin McDowell examines clothing as its relates to specific boy parts. MORE » Aug. 21, 2013 Michael S Roth reviews book Why Teach? In Defense of a Real Education by Mark Edmundson. MORE » Aug. 21, 2013 Elmore Leonard, prolific crime novelist whose louche characters, deadpan dialogue and immaculate prose style established him as a modern master of American genre writing, dies at age 87; to his admiring peers, Leonard reinvented the popular crime thriller form for a new generation, lifting it to a higher literary shelf. MORE » Aug. 20, 2013 Larry Rohter reviews book George Orwell: A Life in Letters, selected and annotated by Peter Davison. MORE » Aug. 19, 2013 Dwight Garner reviews books The Big Disconnect: Protecting Childhood and Family Relationships in the Digital Age by Catherine Steiner-Adair, The Distraction Addiction: Getting the Information You Need and the Communication You Want, Without Enraging Your Family, Annoying Your Colleagues and Destroying Your Soul by Alex Soojung-Kim Pang and The App Generation: How Today's Youth Navigate Identity, Intimacy and Imagination in a Digital World by Howard Gardiner and Katie Davis. MORE » Aug. 14, 2013 Adam Langer reviews book In Times of Fading Light by Eugen Ruge. MORE » Aug. 14, 2013 Profile of Zander Hollander, who for decades compiled sports statistics, team rosters, profiles and predictions in his Complete Handbook series, giving ardent fans yearbooks brimming with information and insight on baseball, basketball, football and hockey. MORE » Aug. 13, 2013 Michiko Kakutani reviews book JFK's Last Hundred Days: The Transformation of a Man and the Emergence of a Great President by Thurston Clarke. MORE » Aug. 12, 2013 David Haglund reviews book Necessary Errors by Caleb Crain. MORE » Aug. 11, 2013 Fred Andrews Off the Shelf column highlights book Story of My People by Edoardo Nesi. MORE » Aug. 11, 2013 Look column presents photos of graffiti by Brazilian street artists featured in Rafael Schacter book The World Atlas of Street Art and Graffiti. MORE » Aug. 9, 2013 Jane Austen is now insatiable cottage industry in 200th birthday year for Pride and Prejudice; Janeiac board game instructions and board are shown. MORE » Aug. 9, 2013 Janet Maslin reviews book Hothouse: The Art of Survival of Art at America's Most Celebrated Publishing House, Farrar, Straus & Giroux. MORE » Aug. 8, 2013 Random House will publish expanded version of graduation speech given by writer George Saunders at Syracuse University in book called Congratulations, by the Way. MORE » Aug. 6, 2013 Dale B Martin reviews book Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth by Reza Aslan. MORE » Aug. 5, 2013 Sleeper literary hit of summer 2013 is The Silent Wife, thriller about a Chicago couple's crumbling marriage; tragically, author A S A Harrison died of cancer at age 65 just weeks before book's publication. MORE » Aug. 5, 2013 Maria Russo reviews book The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P by Adelle Waldman. MORE » Show More Loading There are no additional abstracts to display. Multimedia Slide Show Bookshelf: Issues &#8220;Noni Is Nervous,&#8221; by Heather Hartt-Sussman, and more. Slide Show Bookshelf: Sleep &#8220;Lena&#8217;s Sleep Sheep,&#8221; by Anita Lobel, and more. Slide Show Bookshelf: Dinosaurs New picture books, including David Ezra Stein&#8217;s &#8220;Dinosaur Kisses.&#8221; Slide Show Paper Gallery: Dreamscapes, Abysses and Radiation Abelardo Morell and Elena Dorfman present unsettling, layered images in their photographs, while the painter Forrest Bass put his nightmares on canvas. Video Elmore Leonard: The Movies He&#8217;s Inspired The prolific crime novelist, who died on Tuesday, came to be known by a younger generation through the myriad film and television shows inspired by his writing. Video Elmore Leonard: The Movies He&#8217;s Inspired The prolific crime novelist, who died on Tuesday, came to be known by a younger generation through the myriad film and television shows inspired by his writing. Interactive Feature Take the Janeiac Quiz A panel of Austen experts devised a quiz to separate the Lizzys from the Lydias, the true devotees from the casual admirers. Slide Show Book Covers: Before and After Designers discuss their work on recent book covers. SKETCHBOOK | R. O. BLECHMAN; Save the Whale A publisher responds to Mr. Melville&#8217;s manuscript. Video Beyond &#8216;This Town&#8217; With Mark Leibovich After writing a book that chews through a collection of Washington egos, The Times&#8217;s Mark Leibovich talks about how life goes on when your best subjects are also your neighbors. Video The Road Ahead for Barnes & Noble The Times&#8217;s Pamela Paul and Julie Bosman discuss the future of Barnes & Noble after its chief executive resigned and the company discontinued sales of its color Nook e-reader. SKETCHBOOK | GRANT SNIDER; The Story Coaster Readers go for a ride. Slide Show Up, Up and Away New picture books include Aaron Becker&#8217;s &#8220;Journey,&#8221; in which a lonely little girl draws a door on her bedroom wall and opens it to find a lushly detailed imaginary world. Slide Show Board Book Roundup New board books include different approaches to the peekaboo game, the old-fashioned story of a girl and her stuffed rabbit, and more. Video Robert Kolker on &#8216;Lost Girls&#8217; The author Robert Kolker speaks with The Times&#8217;s Pamela Paul about his book &#8220;Lost Girls: An Unsolved American Mystery.&#8221; Slide Show &#8216;Bodies of Subversion&#8217; Margot Mifflin updates the history of women and tattoos. Slide Show Alice Munro Retires The acclaimed short-story writer says she&#8217;s putting down her pen. Video This Week's Best-Seller Lists The Times's Pamela Paul and Gregory Cowles discuss the top-selling books of the week. Slide Show &#8216;The ABC of It&#8217; An exhibit exploring the world of children&#8217;s literature opens Friday at the New York Public Library. Video The Sweet Spot: The Books of Summer In this week&#8217;s video, A. O. Scott, David Carr and others discuss what they will be reading this summer. Have you heard about that book on cheese? More Multimedia »  MOST POPULAR E-Mailed Searched At Charter Schools, Short Careers by Choice Architecture Review:Vines and Vintner Beautify a Tuscan Hill Almost 5 Months Old, Bronx Native Makes Zoo Debut A Finicky Thief of the Finest Silver Is Arrested Again Well:Ask Well: Eating Before Exercise Sidebar:The Robber, the Judge, and the Case for Leniency Set Back by Recession, and Shut Out of Rebound How to Charge $546 for Six Liters of Saltwater Hamptons McMansions Herald a Return of Excess What We Eat:Tomatoes Ripe for Improvement Go to Complete List » june 10, 2012 china teacher job bill google facebook food and fadwa tony awards mad men maureen dowd paul krugman Go to Complete List » Julie Harris, celebrated actress of range and intensity, dies at 87 Also in Theater &raquo; The money's gone; the drama lingers The shed in London transcends the National Theater's shadow  Rss Feeds On Books and Literature Subscribe to an RSS feed on this topic. What is RSS? Books and Literature Get Alerts On Books and Literature Receive My Alerts e-mails on topics covered on this page. BOOKS AND LITERATURE More Alerts »  &#169; 2013 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback Manage My Account News Tracker Create Alert Manage Alerts 