 Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Login to DoItYourself  Username: Password: Forgot username or password? Or Login with Facebook Don't Have an account? Sign Up Today   Login "> Sign Up How-Tos 1000s of Articles &amp; Videos Forums Get Expert Help Did It Myself Share Your Projects search  Home Cars, Trucks & Boats Auto Buying & Selling  Selling a Car  Displaying 1-20 of 35  How to Sell a Car when the Bank Still Owns Title When is the Best Time to Trade in a Car? How to Sell a Car if the Owner is Deceased Tips To Selling Cars Online Owner Liability when Selling a Used Car 5 Tips for Making Profit When You Sell a Used Car 7 Tips for Selling a Car in a Bad Economy 2 Tips for Selling a Car with Emission Problems 4 Tips for Selling a High Mileage Car Can I Trade in a Car During My Lease? How Car Dealerships Determine Trade in Value How to Sell a Car on Craigslist How to Sell a Car through an Auction How to Sell a Car to a Family Member How to Sell a Used Car Engine How to Trade in a Car with a Balance on it How to Transfer a Car Title after Selling a Car How to Write a Receipt when Selling a Car Legal Issues when Selling a Car to a Minor What Paperwork You Need to Sell a Car PAGE 1 2 of 2  Auto Buying & Selling &gt; Auto Finance &gt; Auto Insurance &gt; Buying a Car or Truck &gt; Car Market Overview &gt; Selling a Car &gt; Trucks  &lt; previous next &gt; read more Follow@DoItYourselfcom  need project help? help Type of job: Select Attics and Basements Bathroom Remodeling Remodeling and Room Additions Kitchen Remodeling Painting and Wallcovering Roofing Siding/Residing Decks Garages and Outbuildings Tile and Stone Windows and Doors Paving and Patios Plumbing Landscaping Floor Coverings Architect Heating and Ventilation Drywall and Plastering Carpentry Countertops Custom Home Building Demolition and Disposal Cabinets Foundations and Retaining Walls Fencing Fireplace Masonry and Stucco Insulation and Weather Stripping Pools and Spas Sunrooms Waterproofing Electrical ZIP:  newsletter sign-up signup Email address:  advertise shop find a contractor about us careers terms privacy policy site map facebook twitter DoItYourself.com&reg;, founded in 1995, is the leading independenthome improvement and repair website. We welcome your comments andsuggestions. All information is provided "AS IS." Website operatingproblems contact webmaster@doityourself.com . Questions of a Do It Yourself nature should besubmitted to our " DoItYourself.com Community Forums ". Copyright&copy;1995-2011 DoItYourself.com Inc. All rights reserved. You may freely linkto this site, and use it for non-commercial use subject to our terms andconditions of use . View our Privacy Policy here . Back to top 