    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home &amp; Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Arts Leisure Movies Music Sports Toys Home / Entertainment / Arts / Literature More Stuff Like This Watch awe-inspiring shows on TestTube. 10 Tips for Hosting a Fantasy Football Draft Entertainment Puzzles: Electric Guitars What is the oldest book in the world? by Eric Baxter   Page 1 What is the oldest book in the world? 2 Lots More Information  This 15th century Gutenberg Bible is pretty old -- but not nearly old enough to hold the record as the oldest book in the world. AP Photo /L'Osservatore Romano, ho Up Next How to Find the Value of Old Books Are you wise about wands and wizards? Curiosity Project: Why are Braille books so much longer than regular books? Right now, the book known as the oldest in the world is a several-page-long volume held by the Bulgaria's National Museum of History. The book is comprised of six pages of beaten 24-carat gold covered with Etruscan script, one of the few writing systems scholars have yet to decipher [source: BBC News ]. According to reports, the book, exhibited in 2003, was estimated at about 2,500 years old. It was found along the Strouma river in southwestern Bulgaria &quot;in an old tomb,&quot; and was donated to the museum by the finder, who remained anonymous. Its age and authenticity were confirmed by two independent scientists, whose names also remain unknown. Case closed, and a boon to the world of literature, right? Wrong. The question of what is the oldest book in the world will likely never be answered. History isn't static, as most people believe, it's actually dynamic and ever changing. New revelations come to light in a steady stream, new interpretations of old information are essayed by scholars every year and the way people look at history changes, too. This applies to books as well. And then there's the question of what exactly is a book. Books are slippery artifacts. Think of your favorite novel. It has a physical presence, a specific shape and form that fits on a shelf and requires dusting. It also has a non-physical form -- there is the story itself, what it means to you and the memories and enjoyment it conjures. So is the book a mere physical presence, or is the content more important than the shape? Or do they both play a role? Take it a step further and ask what if your favorite book wasn't printed but hand written, would it still be a book? If the printing defined what a book was, then the oldest book would be the Gutenberg Bible, printed about 1450. Of course, that was printed with moveable type. Chinese cultures were printing pages of book-like structures using carved wood plates and simple presses hundreds of years before Gutenberg. Now take the Egyptian pharaohs. Their scribes were creating songs and prayers to them close to 3,000 years ago, but these were on papyrus scrolls, which could be considered a book, albeit with only one very long page. &quot;These are questions scholars are still wrestling with,&quot; said Laurent Ferri, assistant curator of rare books and manuscripts at Cornell University. &quot;For me, a book would be defined by having a binding and supporting a world view.&quot; By this definition, the collection of clay tablets maintained by Cornell -- also the largest collection in the world -- wouldn't be considered the world's oldest books. They aren't bound, and most are legal proceedings or financial accountings and do not espouse a world view. With his own definition in mind, Ferri said his bet on the oldest books in the world would be Homer's &quot;Iliad,&quot; and the &quot;Epic of Gilgamesh.&quot; Indeed, the British Museum's version of the Gilgamesh tale, written on clay tablets, dates to about the seventh century B.C. However, the tablets aren't bound, so they're technically not a book, but they do come close, especially in the sense they propose a certain view of the world. But we don't really know when the stories started or how they evolved. &quot;This is another situation to consider,&quot; Ferri said. &quot;These (two stories) are the product of a very long oral tradition. We know roughly when the text was fixed, but the stories pre-existed the physical book.&quot; And so the questions turn. Some people consider the Bible the oldest book, as it was written in a time shortly, according to Christianity and other religions, after the world was created. Yet biblical scholars know many of the stories were set down centuries after the events they record happened. Bringing religion, or world views, into the question begets more twists and turns. The I-Ching, the foundation book for Taoist philosophy, was allegedly written by Lao-Tze more than 2,000 years ago. Pharaonic texts exist with a similar vintage. There are likely other more obscure religions that claim to have a toehold in centuries further in the past and that their more recent printings are merely modern manifestations of ancient texts. For Ferri, the quest for the world's oldest book is just that -- a quest. &quot;If you find the oldest book you find the oldest truth, the oldest revelation,&quot; Ferri said. &quot;This is a revelation of original things; this is what humans always look for. So we ask the questions again and again, 'What is the oldest?&quot; So, the question of what is the world's oldest book will likely never be answered conclusively, and this may not be a bad thing. The simple asking of the question seems to lead to insight, whether from an archeological perspective or a philosophical perspective. And it addresses the ultimate point of books (whether they're on clay tablets or online), summed up by Ferri: &quot;We wouldn't be human without books.&quot; For more information about the oldest book in the world and other related topics, follow the links on the next page. Launch Video Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Baxter, Eric. "What is the oldest book in the world?" 23 March 2010. HowStuffWorks.com. &lt;http://www.howstuffworks.com/arts/literature/oldest-book-in-the-world.htm&gt; 27 August 2013. Cite Feedback Page 1 What is the oldest book in the world? 2 Lots More Information  More To Explore  Top Entertainment Articles Which athletes live the longest? Top 10 Most Valuable Records Down! Set! Hut! Football Quiz Top 10 Movies About Time Travel Are you wise about wands and wizards? Watch martial arts videos &raquo; You Might Also Like How Cthulhu Works He awaits the time when he will arise from his watery city to wreak havoc. Cthulhu made his first official appearance in the short story "The Call of Cthulhu," written by H.P. Lovecraft in 1926. Read all about the legendary monster known as the Old One. How Poetry Works Chances are you've probably read a poem or two in school, had to memorize a poem at some point, or maybe even wrote a poem yourself. But what exactly is poetry? Popular Articles 10 Most Important Ballet Terms How Graphic Novels Work How Firewalking Works  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular Top 10 Mad Scientist Fails Would you lose it all if you won the lottery? Top 10 Putting Tips How to Solve a Rubik's Cube Raindrops Game  Most Watched Stuff to Blow Your Kid's Mind Some Assembly Required: How to Build Musical Instruments What's on the inside of a bowling ball? Martial Arts How to Build Pinball Machines without Electrocuting Yourself  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS      STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home &amp; Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit &amp; Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US &copy; 1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   