 Autos Auto Repair Search Auto Repair Troubleshooting DIY Repairs Auto Basics Share Questions and Answers Chrysler Sebring Convertible Fluid Fill Q. 1998 Chrysler Sebring Convertible. The top wouldn't go up. Found a leak by the passenger side cylinder. It was the line. How do I fill the hydraulic fluid? Do I need a special tool? Where do I fill it, pump? I have a Chilton's manual, it tells me to fill the fluid, but doesn't tell me how. Thanks, John A. On top of one end of the convertible top pump is a rubber fill plug, remove it and fill it to the bottom of the fill hole. Here is the proper procedure. Rotate and raise the motor/pump assembly so the reservoir is in the up position. The rubber filler plug will be at the top. Raise the motor and pump fitting to at least 2" above the horizontal rear seat back reinforcement. Tilt the motor and pump assembly to approximately the 10 o'clock position, with the rubber filler plug still at the top. CAUTION: The motor and pump assembly must remain in the current position until the rubber filler plug is reinstalled in step 7. Remove the rubber fill plug from the reservoir. Fill the hydraulic system by adding Dexron 2 Automatic Transmission Fluid to the bottom of the fill hole. CAUTION: Do not operate the top switch in the "up", closing the top, direction. With two people, activate the top switch in the "down" (opening the top) position to fully retract the cylinder rods and hold for approximately 5 seconds, until the motor and pump stalls. A percolating or gurgle sound/feeling is an indication that the procedure is working. Top off the pump with Dexron 2 and insert the filler plug. Additional Information provided courtesy of AllDATA Back to Index &copy; 2003 - 2004 Vincent T. Ciulla Related Articles Chrysler Sebring Convertible Fluid Fill Ford Mustang Convertible Top 1994 Audi Cabriolet Convertible Top Pump Replacement Chevy C1500 Differential Fluid Fill Plug Location Bunch Of BMW 528i Questions Free Auto Repair Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Auto Repair Must Reads Summer Maintenance Checklist Product Reviews Brake Pad Replacement Car Repair Glossary Tools for Beginners Most Popular Why Won&#039;t My Car Start? Spark Related No Start Problems Diagnose Automatic Transmission Problems My Car Won&#039;t Turn Over, What&#039;s Wrong? The Moonroof versus Sunroof Question, Answered! Free Auto Repair Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Product Reviews Safety First Regular Maintenance Quick Tips! Fix It Yourself! Troubleshooting Your Mechanic Reference and Tech Data Gas Mileage Tools Emergency Repairs Auto Repair About.com Autos Auto Repair Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices &copy;2013 About.com. All rights reserved. Also from About&hellip; 