 Skip to main content  A&amp;E News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤  Arts &amp; Entertainment &#x25BB; Arts &amp; Exhibits Naples Fall Fine Art and Craft Festival takes place Thanksgiving weekend (Photos) Comment Share Share Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Googleplus Google+ Email Email Print Print See also Arts &amp; Exhibits View 9 photos Camera Inside last year's show. (Tom Hall, 2011) Thomas Hall Arts &amp; Exhibits Examiner Subscribe Related Photo: Tom Hall, 2011 Advertisement November 21, 2012 The Naples Fall Fine Art &amp; Craft Festival takes place this weekend, Saturday, November 24, and Sunday, November 25. This fall classic brings artists and holiday shoppers together for one of the first chances to see this season's new art work. One-of-a-kind work from 100 artists from around the country will be on display between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. each day. The Naples Fall Fine Art &amp; Craft Festival is the first of five, two-day outdoor art festivals presented by the Naples Art Association . The festival serves as a fundraiser for the nonprofit organization, which operates The von Liebig Art Center, supports individual artists and helps provide educational programs for the community. While admission is free, a $5 requested donation will be gratefully accepted at the festival entrance to support NAA's ongoing, community-supporting arts programming. With paintings in oil and acrylic, watercolors, drawings in pastels, charcoal, pen and ink and graphite, 2D and 3D mixed media works and collages, photography and digital artworks, bronze and metal sculpture, wood working, ceramics, pottery, glass fusion and glass art, hand-crafted art jewelry, leather works and more, there really is something for every taste and budget, making the festival an outdoor occasion the whole family can enjoy. "This is a wonderful opportunity for residents to bring their guests, shop unique small business owners, and purchase hand crafted gifts while enjoying the beautiful weather in Paradise," says Executive Director Aimee Schlehr. Because festival season in Southwest Florida is just getting under way, many of the artists in this holiday show are from Florida, but talented artists from Oregon, New York, Tennessee, Indiana, Pennsylvania and elsewhere will also be on hand. For those supporting the Shop Small Business Saturday cause, the Naples Fall Fine Art &amp; Craft Festival encourages the public to consider a purchase from an independent professional fine artist like those who show their work in juried festivals. As small business owners, they may be overlooked amid the clamour for big box store sales, but their unique and creative wares make great gifts that aren't available anywhere else. Festival attendees may choose to support the less fortunate this holiday season too. The United States Marine Corps Reserve will be collecting donations for Toys for Tots at the festival. Anyone who brings a new, unwrapped toy to donate will be entered into a drawing for fantastic prizes. The festival takes place on 10th Street South in downtown Naples, near the Naples Depot. There is plenty of free parking for fair goers. This show is generously sponsored by Costco, Naples Daily News, Lite 93.7, Southwest Florida Happenings Arts and Entertainment Magazine and WAVV 101.1. The Naples Art Association is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Founded in 1954 by local artists, NAA's mission is to educate and promote visual arts in Southwest Florida. Through its programs, the Naples Art Association is dedicated to serving individual artists of all ages and skill levels, along their creative journeys. The von Liebig Art Center is located at 585 Park Street in downtown Naples and is open Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Saturdays in season. For more information, please call 239-262-6517, visit http://naplesart.org/ , like NAA on Facebook at http://facebook.com/vonliebigartcenter or follow NAA on Twitter at http://twitter.com/vonliebigart . Next View the slideshow Suggested by the author Naples Fall Fine Art and Craft Festival takes place Thanksgiving weekend Naples Fall Fine Art and Craft Festival application deadline is tomorrow 8th Annual Naples Fall Fine Art &amp; Craft Festival is Saturday and Sunday Report  Comments  Next article Kim Kardashian through the years  Related slideshow Here there be Vikings! Vikings invade Freemont, Michigan! Camera 20 Photos Advertisement Arts & Exhibits August 27, 2013 Artists come together for &#039;Starting Small&#039; group show August 27, 2013 The Macao Youth Symphony Orchestra kicks off first U.S. tour in DMV on August 29 August 27, 2013 Kanika Sircar is featured artist at Waverly Street Gallery in September August 27, 2013 Japanese pop starlette, Kylee, is from Chandler and creating a stir world-wide August 27, 2013 Hollywood Fringe Fest favorite The Pokemusical returns to L.A. Load more  Advertisement  Arts & Exhibits Kim Kardashian through the years 2013 MTV VMAs: Will Smith&#039;s family cringes as Miley Cyrus twerks on Robin Thicke How tall are Hollywood&#039;s shortest stars? Interviews with DJ Cassidy, Molly Tarlov, Carly Rose Sonenclar at MTV&#039;s VMA 2013 The Truth Behind the Danielle Staub/ Dina Manzo Feud Load more Advertisement Arts & Entertainment Was the Smith family really reacting to Miley's performance or was it something else? Video Watch Annoying celebs: The Hollywood stars who should just go away Camera 10 Stars Facebook fan page wants Amanda out of the 'Big Brother' house Spoiler Alert Why casting the rest of Affleck's 'Good Will Hunting' co-stars in superhero roles is genius Camera 6 Photos Find out why Kate Gosselin is suing her ex-husband Jon Gosselin Reality TV Drama See what Kim Kardashian had to say about her baby daddy's VMAs performance Her Reaction  A&amp;E News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Pinterest Company Links About us OnTopic custom content Advertise with us Career opportunities Examiner.com blog Today in Photos Sitemap Arts & Entertainment | &copy; 2006-2013 Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com &#124; Privacy Policy &#124; Terms of Use &#124; About us  Featured Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Interviews Celebrity Style Hot Bodies Movies Summer Movies Comedy Horror Drama TV Reality TV Big Brother True Blood America&#039;s Got Talent More topics Music YA Fiction Cultural Arts Animation Performing Arts Arts and Exhibits Books More topics Featured Food and Recipes Food Recipes Drinks Restaurants Spa and Beauty Makeup Skin Care Spas Hair and Nails Travel Budget Travel Local Getaways Airlines Travel Deals More topics Autos and Motorcycles Bars and Clubs DIY Mechanic Home Improvement Hobbies More topics Featured Home and Living Weddings Gardening Home Improvement Decorating Pets Dogs Cats Other Pets Pet News Family and Parenting Parenting Issues Single Parenting Child Safety Toys Games and Gear More topics Fashion Health and Fitness Education Religion and Spirituality Weight Loss and Dieting Relationships Green Living Nutrition Neighborhoods More topics Featured Politics Political Buzz Democrat Republican Political Issues News Top News Strange News Crime and Courts Extreme Weather Business and Finance Personal Finance Small Business Industry Marketing and PR More topics Science and Space Stock Market Immigration Policy and Issues Gun Control Environment Weather and Climate Independent Nonpartisan More topics Featured Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Recreation Fight Sports Action Sports Endurance Sports Recreational Sports Outdoor Rec and Adventure Hunting and Fishing Hiking Camping Water Sports More topics College Sports General Sports Running Soccer Fantasy Sports MiLB Fight Sports Motorsports More topics Featured Games Consoles Xbox One Playstation 4 PC Games Gadgets and Tech Tech Gear Tablets iPhone Google Glass Internet Social Media Tech Research Facebook Anonymous More topics Card Games Handheld Games MMOGs Other Games Photography More topics Follow Us Twitter Facebook GooglePlus User login  do not change Contact Email Contact Email2 Contact Url Subscribe to Blog Remember my Info Log in Sign in with your email and password. Or reset your password . Email * Password * Write for us Interested in becoming an Examiner and sharing your experience and passion? We're always looking for quality writers. Find out more about Examiner.com and apply today! Learn more   