 Sayvers Twitter Facebook Deals Add Your Website Pictures View All Images Add a Picture Latest Websites Popular Websites Featured Websites  Humor Popular Featured You are here: Home websites Arts and Entertainment Humor Damn You Auto Correct Humor 2011-03-03 02:12:05 Comments One of the funniest sites I've ever visited...If you have a mobile device you know how annoyingthe Auto Correct feature can be. It changes words without rhyme o... Read more Cracked Humor 2011-05-13 23:01:12 Comments Cracked.com is a funny website filled with funny videos, pics, articles, and a whole bunch of otherfunny stuff. It's America's only humor site since 1958!Cracke... Read more theChive - The World's Largest Photo Blog Humor 2011-04-10 23:21:01 Comments theCHIVE is home to the best funny, viral and interesting photos from around the world. With over5,000 unique photo galleries and over 100,000 photos, theCHIVE.com ... Read more BuzzFeed Humor 2011-04-01 21:57:18 Comments BuzzFeed Tracks the Web's Obsessions in Real TimeWe feature the kind of things you'd want topass along to your friends: an outrageous video that's about to go v... Read more Shocking Funny Videos Humor 2010-04-12 23:55:42 Comments The web portal has got a huge collection of hilarious videos. View here sports bloopers, funnyaccidents, hilarious commercials, funny car crashes, funny dogs video.... Read more Funny Stupid Animals Humor 2010-03-31 15:46:23 Comments MyAnimalClips.com contains a collection of hilarious animal and pet videos: insect videos, hilariousanimal videos, bird videos and more! You can search all of our f... Read more Make My Mood Funny Pictures Humor 2009-11-27 11:54:32 Comments "Whenever there is a reason you feel down there is a post somewhere inside this site that can bringa smile back to your lips which is the second best thing you can ... Read more Categories Arts and Entertainment » Animation » Antiques » Architecture » Astrology » Ballet » Body Piercings and Tattoos » Casino Gambling » Celebrities » Coins » Comics » Costumes » Dance » Design » Entertainment » Fashion and Design » Filmmaking and Film Editing » General Arts » Humanities » Humor » Live Theater and Playhouses » Movies » Museums » Music » Music Industry » Music Instruction » Painting » Performing Arts » Photography » Poetry » Short Fiction » Trends » Trophies, Awards and Medals » TV » Videos » Visual Graphic Arts » Writing Automotive Blogs Business Computers and Technology Finance Health and Fitness Home Improvement House and Family Internet and Online Business Legal Local Business News and Society Pets Real Estate Recreation and Sports Reference and Education Relationships Self Improvement Shopping Travel Featured Websites Dave Brown B.Sc. MD has directed this full service eye clinic since 1992. The practice isconveniently located at Place d' Orleans Drive, just off the Queensway,... Full Details Ad &amp; Marketing Industry News - Advertising AgeAd Age is the leading global source of news,intelligence and conversation for marketing and media communities.... Full Details Besides being one of the most beautiful musicians in the world, Meytal Cohen is a hard-hittingversatile drummer based in the Los Angeles area. Born and raised in Ra... Full Details Photo.net is an online community with hundreds of thousands of active members and many more casualviewers visiting daily. We started in 1993 and strive to be the be... Full Details wowOwow is a free daily Internet website created, run and written by Lesley Stahl, Liz Smith, JoniEvans, Mary Wells, Sheila Nevins, Joan Juliet Buck, Whoopi Goldber... Full Details RockAuto ships thousands of auto parts from over 200 manufacturers to customers on every continentexcept Antarctica-including APO/FPO addresses. The RockAuto ca... Full Details  Have you signed up at www.sayvers.com yet? If not, why not? Register for free at the net's most exclusive deals club today! All Tweets Getting your business or website listed in directories is one of those standard tasks that all webmasters should do in order to gain backlinks and traffic to their sites. Web directories are easy to find and easy to submit to, so there's no reason not to take advantage of listing your site(s) in many of them. However, not all directories have the same value; some provide value to the webmaster beyond the standard URL, Title, and Description. We are one such directory & obtaining a listing is an important one! Categories Arts and Entertainment Automotive Blogs Business Computers and Technology Finance Pets Health and Fitness Home Improvement House and Family Internet and Online Business Legal Local Business News and Society Real Estate Recreation and Sports Reference and Education Relationships Self Improvement Shopping Travel &copy; 2011 Socialrific.com Web Directory All rights reserved. In partnership with Blogirific.com | Next Generation Web Directroy Twitter Facebook 