  Amazon Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards Sell Help  Shop by Department Search  All  All Departments Apps for Android Baby Beauty Books Car & Motorbike Classical Clothing Computers & Accessories DIY & Tools Electronics & Photo Film & TV Garden & Outdoors Gift Cards Grocery Health & Beauty Jewellery Kindle Store Kitchen & Home Large Appliances Lighting Luggage MP3 Music Music Musical Instruments & DJ PC & Video Games Pet Supplies Shoes & Bags Software Sports & Outdoors Stationery & Office Supplies Toys & Games VHS Watches  Hello.  Sign in Your Account Try Prime Basket 0 Wish List  Books  Advanced Search   Browse Genres   Bestsellers   New&amp;Future Releases   Paperbacks   Seasonal Offers   Study Books   Audiobooks   SellYour Books    Quantity: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Yes, I want FREE One-Day Delivery with a free trial of Amazon Prime Amazon Prime Free Trial  FREE One-Day Delivery is available to Amazon Prime members. To join, select Yes, I want FREE One-Day Delivery with a free trial of Amazon Prime  and confirm your Amazon Prime free trial sign-up during checkout. Amazon Prime members enjoy: Unlimited FREE One-Day Delivery, with no minimum purchase requirement Express Delivery for just &pound;4.49 per item Shared benefits for members of the same household Important: Your credit card will NOT be charged when you start your free trial or if you cancel during the trial period. If you're happy with Amazon Prime, do nothing. At the end of the free trial, your membership will automatically upgrade to a full year for &pound;49.  or Sign in to turn on 1-Click ordering. More Buying Choices Have one to sell? Sell yours here  Sorry, this item is not available in Image not available for Colour: Image not available See 1 customer image Share your own customer images Publisher: learn how customers can search inside this book. Tell the Publisher! IÂ&rsquo;d like to read this book on Kindle Don't have a Kindle? Get your Kindle here , or download a FREE Kindle Reading App .  The Visionary Eye: Essays in the Arts, Literature and Science [Paperback] Bronowski (Author) 5.0 out of 5 stars See all reviews ( 1 customer review ) 1 Review 5 star : (1) 4 star : (0) 3 star : (0) 2 star : (0) 1 star : (0) &rsaquo; See the customer review... RRP: Â£17.95 Price: Â£16.52  & this item Delivered FREE in the UK with Super Saver Delivery. See details and conditions Deal Price: You Save: Â£1.43 (8%) o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o Only 2 left in stock (more on the way). Dispatched from and sold by Amazon . Gift-wrap available. Want it Thursday, 29 Aug.? Choose Express delivery at checkout. Details  Formats Amazon Price  New from  Used from Hardcover  --  --  --  Paperback  Â£16.52  --  --  Show # more paperbacks Show fewer paperbacks  Amazon.co.uk Trade-In Store Did you know you can trade in your unwanted old books for an Amazon.co.uk Gift Card? This offer is available on thousands of titles--visit the Books Trade-In Store for more details. Learn more . &rsaquo; See more product promotions  Book Description Publication Date: 29 Jun 2004 | ISBN-10: 0262520680 | ISBN-13: 978-0262520683 | Edition: First MIT Press Paperback Edition Mathematician, poet, philosopher, life scientist, playwright, teacher, Jacob Bronowski could readily be referred to as a Renaissance Man. But in the historical context that would do him a disservice: he is, par excellence, a Twentieth Century Man, who has traced the arts and sciences of earlier centuries and especially those of his own time to their common root in the uniquely human imagination.Bronowski is the author of such widely read books as The Ascent of Man and Science and Human Values. In 1977, The MIT Press published A Sense of the Future: Essays in Natural Philosophy. In those essays, the emphasis is on scientific questions, but in a number of them the notion of "art as a mode of knowledge" is invoked to make the science clearer and its human dimension more vivid. The Visionary Eye serves as a companion volume: here the emphasis is on the arts and humanities, but (as the subtitle suggests) "science as a mode of imagination" comes into play to extend the reach of the visionary eye.The Visionary Eye contains eleven essays: "The Nature of Art," "The Imaginative Mind in Art," "The Imaginative Mind in Science," "The Shape of Things," "Architecture as a Science and Architecture as an Art," and Art as a Mode of Knowledge, Bronowski's A. W. Mellon Lectures given at the National Gallery of Art in Washington. The essays discuss examples taken from across the spectrum of the arts, past and present -- music, poetry, painting and sculpture, architecture, industrial design, and engineering artifacts -- in the coherent context of Bronowski's view of the human creative process. Show More Show Less Mathematician, poet, philosopher, life scientist, playwright, teacher, Jacob Bronowski could readily be referred to as a Renaissance Man. But in the historical context that would do him a disservice: he is, par excellence, a Twentieth Century Man, who has traced the arts and sciences of earlier centuries and especially those of his own time to their common root in the uniquely human imagination.Bronowski is the author of such widely read books as The Ascent of Man and Science and Human Values. In 1977, The MIT Press published A Sense of the Future: Essays in Natural Philosophy. In those essays, the emphasis is on scientific questions, but in a number of them the notion of "art as a mode of knowledge" is invoked to make the science clearer and its human dimension more vivid. The Visionary Eye serves as a companion volume: here the emphasis is on the arts and humanities, but (as the subtitle suggests) "science as a mode of imagination" comes into play to extend the reach of the visionary eye.The Visionary Eye contains eleven essays: "The Nature of Art," "The Imaginative Mind in Art," "The Imaginative Mind in Science," "The Shape of Things," "Architecture as a Science and Architecture as an Art," and Art as a Mode of Knowledge, Bronowski's A. W. Mellon Lectures given at the National Gallery of Art in Washington. The essays discuss examples taken from across the spectrum of the arts, past and present -- music, poetry, painting and sculpture, architecture, industrial design, and engineering artifacts -- in the coherent context of Bronowski's view of the human creative process. Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed Page of ( Start over ) Back  The Origins of Knowledge and Imagination &#133; &#8250; Jacob Bronowski 5.0 out of 5 stars ( 3 )  Paperback Â£10.95  A Sense of the Future - Essays in Natural Philosophy  J Bronowski  Paperback Â£24.80  William Blake and the Age of Revolution &#8250; Jacob Bronowski  Paperback Â£15.00  Identity of Man (Great Minds Series) &#8250; Jacob Bronowski 5.0 out of 5 stars ( 1 )  Paperback Â£10.41 Next 0300024096,0262520508,0571241883,1591020255  Product details Paperback: 198 pages Publisher: MIT Press; First MIT Press Paperback Edition edition (29 Jun 2004) Language: English ISBN-10: 0262520680 ISBN-13: 978-0262520683 Product Dimensions: 23.1 x 15.5 x 1.5 cm Average Customer Review: 5.0 out of 5 stars See all reviews ( 1 customer review ) 1 Review 5 star : (1) 4 star : (0) 3 star : (0) 2 star : (0) 1 star : (0) &rsaquo; See the customer review... Amazon Bestsellers Rank: 1,454,717 in Books ( See Top 100 in Books ) Would you like to update product info or give feedback on images ? More About the Author &rsaquo; Visit Amazon's Jacob Bronowski Page  Discover books, learn about writers, and more. Product Description Review "[Bronowski] practiced in life what he expresses in this work; he brought to a television public ideas and information without condescension, without absolute certainty, made science an adventure in the human predicament. He showed all of us that we share that challenge of beauty and values which is art, of the other way of knowing which is science." Robert Kirsch , Los Angeles Times "Poet, playwright, philosopher, scientist, teacher and, in his later years, TV personality...Bronowski probably did more to bring art and science together than any other person of our time. This stimulating book collects his 1969 Mellon lectures on art and the imagination, as well as his essays on esthetics, design, the intellect and freedom." Publishers Weekly  Sell a Digital Version of This Book in the Kindle Store If you are a publisher or author and hold the digital rights to a book, you can sell a digital version of it in our Kindle Store. Learn more Like 1377628252 false -1 0 0 0 ( 0 ) What Other Items Do Customers Buy After Viewing This Item? The Common Sense of Science by Jacob Bronowski Paperback Â£10.75 The Origins of Knowledge and Imagination (Silliman Memorial Lectures) by Jacob Bronowski Paperback 5.0 out of 5 stars ( 3 ) Â£10.95 Science and Human Values by Jacob Bronowski Paperback 4.5 out of 5 stars ( 2 ) Â£10.00 &rsaquo; Explore similar items [if IE]> <div class="pcr7 mt15 reviews" style="width:100%;" > <![endif] Customer Reviews 5 star 1 4 star 0 3 star 0 2 star 0 1 star 0 5.0 out of 5 stars 1 review 5.0 out of 5 stars Write a customer review  Most Helpful Customer Reviews 1 of 2 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars Bronowski - the visonary 18 Aug 2011 By RR Waller TOP 500 REVIEWER Format: Paperback | Amazon Verified Purchase He was a polymath with the enthusiasm to convey his interest to many through his books, television series and his lectures. In this book, he traces the histories of these three disciplines in a series of essays, each of which shows his erudition very clearly. An interesting, enjoyable read. Comment | &#160; Was this review helpful to you? Yes No &rsaquo; See the customer review  Write a customer review Most Helpful Customer Reviews on Amazon.com (beta) Amazon.com: 5.0 out of 5 stars 1 review  5.0 out of 5 stars Fresh insights into literature, art and aesthetics 22 Jun 2013 By Glenn Russell - Published on Amazon.com Format: Paperback | Amazon Verified Purchase Most well-educated modern people have extensive education and background in a specific field - an organic chemist knows a huge amount about organic chemistry, a social psychologist knows a vast amount about social psychology, and a scholar of John Milton knows an unbelievable amount about John Milton, but, chances are, the organic chemist would not venture to expound on social psychology or Milton, the social psychologist would not venture opinions outside psychology, and the Milton scholar would know next to nothing about organic chemistry or the latest scholarship within the field of social psychology. Such is life in a society pushing people to become highly trained specialists. However, there are individuals who have the mental capacity and imagination to cross over and draw from many fields and are in position to make valuable contributions to various arts and sciences. Fortunately for us, Jacob Bronowski (who the general public knows from his 1970s series `The Ascent of Man') was one such individual. In `The Visionary Eye', Bronowski turns his attention to the field of literature, art and aesthetics. There are twelve essays in this collection, but for the purposes of giving the reader a taste of the flavor and depth of Bronowski's reflections, the focus will be one essay: `The Imaginative Mind in Art'. Jacob Bronowski wants us to understand our human capacity to work with language is a universe beyond the language of animals. For example, the bee will do a dance back at the hive to communicate to the other bees the direction and distance of the location of honey. The author writes: "On the other hand, human language goes beyond these words of communication, and uses words also in order to formulate ideas inside our minds. We reflect on our own ideas, we change them and enlarge them, and they carry our personal associations for us. It is words in this sense which are the vehicles of our imagination, and the raw material of literature." It is this ability to picture things and events not present to our immediate sensory experience that is critical in our development of what it means to be human. The next observation is how we as humans work with the words and other symbols present in the mind. We read: "The function of words in human thought is to stand for things which are no present to the senses, and to allow the mind to manipulate them - things, concepts, ideas, everything which does not have a physical reality in front of us now." It is this human ability to imagine thousands of possible situations in the mind's eye that is the foundation of literature and art. The author says the ability to imagine leads to freedom in two ways: 1) The sheer pleasure we as humans experience in exploring various possibilities, and 2) these imaginings as entirely personal, that is, no two people share exactly the same picturing of images and speaking of languages. What follows for Bronowski is that a work of art, a poem, for example, is infinitely rich in meaning since each individual will make, via imagination, picturing and playing with language, their own personal poem from what they read on the page. If you sense a freshness in Bronowski's approach to art and aesthetics, you are correct. Although there are many individual poets and artists sited (along with 48 black-and-white illustrations), such as Dante, William Blake, Robert Frost, Dylan Thomas, Pieter Bruegel, Paul Gauguin, there are no philosophers of art referenced, such as Kant, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Santayana or Dewey. The author is not interested in a highly abstract or conceptual investigation on the nature of beauty; rather, Bronowski's primary question is: "What prompts men to make something which seems beautiful, to them or to others?" It is using this practical question as the starting point that the author brings to bear his wealth of background in such fields as mathematics, biology, physics, theater, poetry and history. Please order a copy of this book and have your horizons expanded many-fold. &rsaquo; Go to Amazon.com to see the review 5.0 out of 5 stars Was this review helpful? Let us know  Search Customer Reviews  Only search this product's reviews There's a problem loading this menu at the moment. Learn more about Amazon Prime. MP3s & Cloud Player MP3 Music Store Shop 20 million songs Cloud Player for Web Play from any browser Cloud Player for Android For Android phones, and tablets Cloud Player for iOS For iPhone and iPod touch Amazon Cloud Drive Your Cloud Drive 5 GB of free storage Get the Desktop App For Windows and Mac Cloud Drive Photos for Android For Android phones and tablets Cloud Drive Photos for iPhone For iPhone and iPod touch Learn More About Cloud Drive Kindle E-readers Kindle Small, light, perfect for reading Kindle Paperwhite Our most advanced e-reader Kindle Paperwhite 3G With free 3G wireless Kindle Accessories Covers, chargers, sleeves and more Kindle Store Kindle Books Newsstand Kindle Owners' Lending Library With Prime, Kindle device owners read for free Kindle Fire Tablets Kindle Fire 7", The perfect family tablet Kindle Fire HD 7", Stunning HD, Dolby Audio, Ultra-Fast Wi-Fi Kindle Fire HD 8.9" 8.9", Our highest resolution, largest HD display Kindle Accessories Covers, chargers, stylus, audio and more Kindle Apps & Resources Free Kindle Reading Apps For PC, iPad, iPhone, Android, and more Manage Your Kindle Appstore for Android Appstore Games Amazon Apps Kindle, mobile shopping, MP3, and more Your Apps and Devices View your apps and manage your devices Digital Games & Software Digital Games For PC and Mac Free-to-Play Games For PC and Mac Digital Software For PC and Mac Your Games & Software Library Audible Audiobooks Audible Membership First book free when you try Audible Audible Audiobooks & More Bestsellers New Releases Listener Favourites Books Books Kindle Books Books For Study Audiobooks Music, Games, Film & TV Music MP3 Downloads Musical Instruments & DJ Film & TV Blu-ray PC & Video Games Electronics Camera & Photo TV & Home Cinema Audio & HiFi Sat Nav & Car Electronics Phones Electronics Accessories PC & Video Games All Electronics Computers & Office Laptops Tablets Computer Accessories Computer Components Software Printers & Ink Stationery & Office Supplies All Computers & Accessories Home & Garden Garden & Outdoors Homeware & Furniture Kitchen & Dining Kitchen & Home Appliances Lighting All Home & Garden Pets Pet Supplies DIY & Tools DIY & Tools Toys, Children & Baby Toys & Games Baby Baby Wish List Amazon Family 20% off nappies, delivery benefits and more Clothes, Shoes & Watches Clothing Shoes Jewellery Watches Handbags & Shoulder Bags Luggage Sports & Outdoors Fitness Camping & Hiking Cycling Athletic & Outdoor Clothing Golf Water Sports All Sports & Outdoors Grocery, Health & Beauty Grocery Beauty Health & Personal Care Car & Motorbike Car Accessories & Parts Tools & Equipment Sat Nav & Car Electronics Motorbike Accessories & Parts MP3s & Cloud Player 20 million songs, play anywhere Amazon Cloud Drive 5 GB of free storage Kindle Appstore for Android Get a paid app for free every day Digital Games & Software Audible Audiobooks 80,000 audiobook downloads Books Music, Games, Film & TV Electronics & Computers Home, Garden, Pets & DIY Toys, Children & Baby Clothes, Shoes & Watches Sports & Outdoors Grocery, Health & Beauty Car & Motorbike &rsaquo; Full Shop Directory  Sign in New customer? Start here. Your Account Your Orders Your Wish List Your Recommendations Manage Your Subscribe & Save Items Manage Your Kindle Your Cloud Player Play from any browser Your Cloud Drive 5 GB of free storage Your Games and Software Library Your Apps & Devices Your Shopping Basket is empty. Give it purpose -- fill it with books, DVDs, clothes, electronics and more. If you already have an account, sign in . There's a problem previewing your shopping basket at the moment. Check your Internet connection and go to your cart , or try again . View Shopping Basket ( 0 items) ( 0 item) ( 0 items) Create a Wish List Find a Wish List Wish from Any Website Add items to your List from anywhere Wedding List Baby Wish List   Sign in  New customer? Start here. Customer Discussions This product's forum  Discussion Replies Latest Post  No discussions yet Ask questions, Share opinions, Gain insight  Start a new discussion  Topic:   First post:  Receive e-mail when new posts are made  Prompts for sign-in    Guidelines Search Customer Discussions Search all Amazon discussions  Listmania! Create a Listmania! list Search Listmania!  Look for similar items by category Books > Art, Architecture & Photography > Art Issues Books > Society, Politics & Philosophy > Academic Philosophy Books > Society, Politics & Philosophy > Philosophy Feedback Would you like to update product info or give feedback on images ? I am the Author , and I want to comment on my book. I am the Publisher , and I want to comment on this book.  Amazon.co.uk Privacy Statement Amazon.co.uk Delivery Information Amazon.co.uk Returns &amp; Exchanges  Get to Know Us Careers Investor Relations Press Releases Amazon and Our Planet Amazon in the Community Make Money with Us Sell on Amazon Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us &rsaquo; See all Let Us Help You Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns Are Easy Manage Your Kindle Help Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Spain United States AbeBooks Rare & Collectible Books Audible Download Audio Books AmazonLocal Great Local Deals In Your City Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy DPReview Digital Photography IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities Javari UK Shoes & Handbags Javari France Shoes & Handbags Javari Japan Shoes & Handbags Javari Germany Shoes & Handbags Junglee.com Shop Online in India Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy LOVEFiLM Watch Movies Online MYHABIT Designer & Fashion Private Sale Site Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising &copy; 1996-2013, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates 