 a&e; Front Page News Sports Business Lifestyles Opinion A&E; Hide Sections'); dropdown.css('display', 'block').css('margin-top', '-1px'); } else { node.html(' All Sections'); dropdown.css('display', 'none'); } });"> All Sections Front Page News Sports Business Lifestyles Opinion A&E; Home > Featured Articles > Humor (Page 2 of 2) Jennifer Mills: Art to laugh with (not at) Gallery shows where laughter is encouraged April 03, 2013 Ben-Ner and his crew hilariously perform bad continuity, stilted acting and dubious lip-syncing, although, oddly enough, his toddler is rather convincing and her timing spot on. A cameo role by Avi Mograbi, the documentary-maker known for critically probing the Palestinian-Israeli conflict through shocking eruptions of humor, confirms the noirish edge of "Soundtrack," which has light but also very dark fun with Spielberg's apocalyptic blockbuster. This is Tel Aviv, after all, and when Ben-Ner's hysterical daughter screeches, "Is it terrorists?" and he announces "We're under attack!" it isn't giant alien robot tripods that come to mind. (Actually, it's a Dyson vacuum cleaner. Sort of.) Finally, the prize for funniest art show of the year goes to &hellip; Jennifer Mills' "101 one-liners: Falling Flat," at Chicago Artists' Coalition. As the exhibition title suggests, Mills also deserves the award for least funny show of the year. Bravely displaying the good, the bad and the ugly, she reveals the subjectivity of judgment in both art and comedy. (I stole the above mediation from her.) Mills, who was trained as both an improv comedian and a performance artist, is fervently concerned with comedy as comedy, not just as an artistic tactic for getting at some larger issue but as a thing in and of itself. The 101 sculptures and drawings she's assembled offer a veritable taxonomy of jokes, from site-specific gags to dumb literalism, trompe-l'oeil to prop farce, plays on words to toilet humor. (Fake poop is handled with particular deftness and originality.) As if 101 jokes weren't enough, the fun continues beyond the artworks themselves: The exhibition brochure features a mock-academic essay, and artworks are priced at $101.00. But even in its insider art cracks, this is parody, never satire. Mills makes work with heart, not spite. Spit, maybe, but never spite. "Deb Sokolow" runs through April 20 at Western Exhibitions, 845 W. Washington St., 312-480-8390, westernexhibitions.com ; "Jessica Hyatt" and "Andrew Norman Wilson" both run through April 20 at ThreeWalls, 119 N. Peoria St., 312-432-3972, three-walls.org ; "Guy Ben-Ner" runs through April 26 at Aspect/Ratio, 119 N. Peoria St., 773-206-7354, aspectratioprojects.com ; "Jennifer Mills" runs through Thursday at Chicago Artists' Coalition, 217 N. Carpenter St., 312-491-8888, chicagoartistscolation.org Lori Waxman is a special contributor to the Tribune and an instructor at the School of the Art Institute. ctc-arts@tribune.com Twitter @chitribent Prev | 1 | 2 Featured Articles Michael Jordan marries longtime girlfriend Decoding the diabetic diet An easier way to go MORE: Baby born in parking lot 33 years after her father had similar dramatic birth Homemade pickles in just an hour Explore Tribune archives back to 1852 Understanding credit utilization Police check landfill as search for missing baby enters third day Kass: Was police killing of 95-year-old necessary?  Related Links Related Articles Art Apes Life March 22, 1998 Folk Goes Gallery April 22, 1990 Art, Entertainment Worlds Gird Against The Aids Epidemic June 11, 1987 The Best Years Of The Centruy September 26, 1999 Find More Stories About Humor Art World Damien Hirst Terms of Service Privacy Policy Index by Date Index by Keyword www.chicagotribune.com Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter SiteCatalyst code version: H.1.Copyright 1997-2005 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  