  Atlantic City Weekly Login/Register My ACW | Contests | E-Newsletter E-Newsletter | Print Edition | Archives | RSS  Casinos Features Club and Lounge Listings Upcoming Headliners Poker Lowdown Casino Promotions The Real Deal (Poker Blog) Casinos Atlantic Club Bally's Boardwalk Hall Borgata Caesars Golden Nugget Harrah's Resort Hilton Resorts Revel Showboat/House of Blues Tropicana Trump Plaza Trump Taj Mahal Food &amp; Drink Restaurant Reviews Features Dining Spotlight South Jersey Nightlife Nightlife Awards Archive Food and Drink Guide Menu Guide Happy Hour Guide Submit a Bar or Restaurant Arts &amp; Entertainment Features Nightlife Coasting/Album of the Week Boardwalk Empire Notes Music Local Music Guide Submit Local Music Local Scene  Movie Reviews Movie Times TV Listings Celebrity Interviews Sports Boxing Notes: In the Ring with Rob Scott Golf Ocean City Weekly News &amp; Views Cover Story Features 5 Questions With ... Geoff's Page The Other Atlantic City ACW Blog DrewToonz Top 40 Under 40 Columns: Ask the Geator Curtain Call Coasting / Album of the Week Local History Waltz Through Time Hot Tub Party Weekend Pinching Pennies Events Performing Arts Comedy Music Museums & Exhibits Conventions & Expos Villages & Wineries After Dark Casino Listings Festivals Lectures & Readings Special Events  Upcoming Headliners ACW Event Series Submit an Event In Philly Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Audio Real Estate Sales Rentals MarketPlace Classifieds Post an ad  ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT &gt; MOVIE REVIEWS  Uncoupling ‘Couples Retreat’ is a flat attempt at relationship humor By Lori Hoffman Add Comment | Comments: 0 | Posted Oct. 14, 2009  Share this Story: Tweet   In a world of communication dominated by BlackBerrys, Facebook, Twitter and MySpace, it is an outdated notion to suggest that three couples would drop everything in their lives to join a fourth couple with a crumbling marriage at a couples retreat. That, of course, is the premise for Couples Retreat, a comedy that tries to lift off with a shaky premise and then proceeds to strain and mug to glean some laughs from a dry well. It is downright cringe worthy as one bad comedy set-up after another takes a nosedive. This movie can&rsquo;t even wring any laughs out of shark attack. Couples comedy reached its zenith in the 1930s and &rsquo;40s, the glorious age of the screwball comedy when Cary Grant, Irene Dunne, Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy, Carole Lombard, William Powell, Myra Loy, Jean Arthur and Jimmy Stewart plied their trade with elegance, sensuality and plenty of laughter. However, the key to making a great screwball comedy was always the foundation &mdash; a strong screenplay that allowed the actors to find their comic timing and deliver a cinematic gem. In an movie era when screenwriting is even more undervalued than in the previous decades of the 1950s and &rsquo;60s when directors were first acclaimed as the auteurs of their films, the screenplay remains the foundation on which one must build even the most delicate comedy souffl&eacute;. Couples Retreat is about as delicate as a sledgehammer. In this case the actors can&rsquo;t complain too much since Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau, the guys who created the indie masterpiece Swingers , collaborated on the screenplay with Dana Fox. They also top the list of bad mugging as two of the husbands, joined by their wives, played by Malin Akerman and Sex and the City&rsquo;s Kristen Davis respectively. Jason Bateman and Kristen Bell, an acting mismatch, play the couple with the crumbling marriage. The fourth couple is a man (Faizon Love), still pining after his wife, who is currently hooked up with a sweet young thing (Kali Hawk). Before the movie gets to the contrived, happily-ever-after finale, the audience has to put up with the snooty hotel manager, the wacky therapist and the Fabio clone yoga instructor. That the wonderful French actor Jean Reno plays the therapist is a sign that his agent is not doing a good enough job finding him film roles in American movies. Couples Retreat is a movie that brings out the worst in everyone involved. Couples Retreat * Directed by Peter Billingsley; rated PG-13 To read more about movies and other topics covered by movie critic Lori Hoffman under her blog alias Moviejunkie, visit http://blog.acweekly.com/ A.C. Cinefest Editor&rsquo;s Choice You don&rsquo;t have to go to Toronto or Sundance to attend a film festival. For the second straight year, the Downbeach Film Festival presents a local film festival. Atlantic City Cinefest, with an outstanding array of documentaries, shorts and independent cinema, takes place Friday, Oct. 16 to Sunday, Oct. 18 at Resorts&rsquo; Screening Room and several other venues. The festival will be honoring the work of actor Martin Kove who appeared in Wyatt Earp, all three Karate Kid films and numerous television shows. Kove stars in Bare Knuckles at the festival. Louis Mandylor  ( My Big Fat Greek Wedding ), who stars in the new comedy, Gerald , and the thriller, In the Eyes of a Killer , will also attend. When the Atlantic City Film Festival died a few years back, film fan and journalist Bill Sokolic thought it was a shame, and began organizing a film festival to take its place. Says Sokolic, &ldquo;I think attendees will be pleased with the choice of films playing at this year&rsquo;s festival, including the New Jersey-based documentaries such as The Cartel and Band of Pirates , sleeper features such as Sam&rsquo;s Rain and the indies like Bare Knuckles  and Gerald .&rdquo; The festival opens at Resorts&rsquo; Screening Room with the Atlantic City-based Ice  Grill USA . Tickets are $12. Following a Q&amp;A with filmmakers Greg Santarsiero and Mark Bernardi, there will be a reception at Megan&rsquo;s Pub at 9:30pm. Films will be screened beginning at 10am on Saturday at Resorts (tickets are $5 &amp; $6) as well as a panel discussion with filmmakers from 1:30-2:30pm (tickets are $10). Sunday features more movies, beginning at 10am. A final reception and awards ceremony takes place Sunday from 7-9pm at the Tiara Ballroom at Trump Taj Mahal. For more details go to www.downbeachfilmfestival.org. Add to Favorites Print Send to Friend COMMENTS ADD COMMENT Name: Rate: 1 2 3 4 5 Email Address: (HTML and URLs prohibited) Comment: User Guidelines  MORE Article: ‘The Butler’ Did It Article: Recession Fueled Sci-Fi  Article: Stars With ‘Guns’  Article: Senseless Death Article: Things that Go Bump  Article: Under Attack Article: Pirates of the Prairie Article: ‘Heat’ Is On   ACW EVENT SERIES  AtlanticCityWeekly.com PhiladelphiaWeekly.com SouthPhillyReview.com ReviewPublishing.com ABOUT ACW | ADVERTISE | CONTACT | PRIVACY | TERMS | RSS | FRIEND US | PRINT EDITION | LOCAL GUIDE | SPECIAL GUIDES | SCHOOLS  Powered by Clickability . National advertising by VMG Advertising .  