  Home | Music | Movies | Fashion | E-Cards | Games | Festivals | Humor | Trivia  Arts Entertainment World   Welcome to the world of Arts & Entertainment , your complete guide to the latest in arena of music, movies, fashion, e-cards, games, festivals, humor, and trivia. The portal offers you to know more about your Hollywood-favorite flicks and movie stars. People who have ears for good music can get all the latest international music releases, and fashion freaks can know more about the ongoing trends and make themselves truly rocking!  Arts & Entertainment Directory History (173) Historical Figures, Historical Documents, Alternate History, Archives, Bibliographies, Chats and Forums, Conferences, Education, Genealogy, Historiology, Institutes, Journals, Living History, Maps, Museums and Memorials, News and Media, Oral History, Organizations, Preservation, Psychohistory, Public History, This Day in History, This Week in History, treaties-pacts-and-agreements, US-History, Web Directories, Humour and Jokes (163) Cartoons, Insults, Jokes, Parodies, Poetry, Archives, Pranks, Quotations, Satire, Stories, Television-Comedy, News-and-Media, web-directories, Practical Jokes and Pranks, Literature and Writers (54) Authors, Genres, Periods and Movements, Titles, Biography, Cultural, Drama, Fiction, Myths and Folktales, Poetry, Short Stories, World Literature, Movies and Film (94) Titles, Filmmaking, Genres, Theaters , Reviews, By Region, Awards, Chats and Forums, Contests, Cultures and Groups, Databases, Downloads and Short Films, Events, Fan Fiction, Film Festivals, Film Music, Film Schools, Home Video, Independent, Museum (59) Conservation and Preservation, Museum Studies, documentation and cataloguing, Exhibit Resources, Museum Studies and Training, Team Building (137) Team Building Activities, Team Building Games, Team Building Programs, Hen Nights, Archives Music Movie Fashion The 45-year-old Prince makes a grand return with Musicology , his first release in three years... Another as usual three-dimensional computer-generated animation, the movie Hoodwinked is... Jewelry has made a welcome return in the last few seasons after those unexciting minimal days... read more read more read more  Music Review Feels like home  Norah Jones is back with the amazing and Feels Like Home. This is her first release after an year when she stormed the music world with Come Away With Me, which picked up five Grammys apart from eight million records being sold... read more Movie Review Crash Television writer Paul Haggis turns director with Crash, a film set in Los Angeles and one of the most heavy-handed films of 2005... read more Fashion Review Major Fashion Trends and Looks-Spring 2006  Recently, there has been a major shift towards fashion trends that draw inspiration from designers. This, in turn, has moved towards a more streamlined and disciplined figure that defines glamour or minimal space age look... read more Featured Articles RSS Visual-Arts The history of mankind stands witness to th... Acoustic Guitar and the Craftsmanship Involved A guitar is made to create every kind of music pos... articles archives Partners  Sponsored Links : Real Estate Directories Automotive Portal Online Shopping Stores Health Medical Portal IT Outsourcing Guide Tour Travel Portal Online Business Sources Gambling Casino Help  Art Entertainment Portal | Report Abuse | Submit Site | Update Listing | Broken Link | Terms &amp; Conditions | Articles Contact Us | News | Disclaimer | Blog | RSS | Site Map &copy; Copyright, Arts Entertainment World (Art and Entertainment World at Your Home). All Rights Reserved. 