
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                Search over 100 encyclopedias and dictionaries: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Research categories 
 
                Close categories 
 
 
 
                Follow us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        Research categories 
 
 Earth and the Environment 
 History 
 Literature and the Arts 
 Medicine 
 People 
 Philosophy and Religion 
 
 
 Places 
 Plants and Animals 
 Science and Technology 
 Social Sciences and the Law 
 Sports and Everyday Life 
 
 
 
 
                                        View all  topics in the news 
 
                                        View all  reference sources  at Encyclopedia.com 
 
 
 
                                                Free reference entries 
 
 A 
 B 
 C 
 D 
 E 
 F 
 G 
 H 
 I 
 J 
 K 
 L 
 M 
 N 
 O 
 P 
 Q 
 R 
 S 
 T 
 U 
 V 
 W 
 X 
 Y 
 Z 
 # 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Encyclopedia.com 
  &gt;  
 Premium Library Reference 
  &gt;  
 U*X*L American Decades 
  &gt;  
 January 2003 
 
 
 
 
  
            <div style="border-top: 1px solid #BFCDE5; margin: 5px 10px 10px 0;">< hr ></div>
            
             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                The 1950s Arts and Entertainment: Chronology 
 
 
 
 
                                        U*X*L American Decades
                                     
                                    
                                    |
                                    2003
                                 
                                
                                |
                                700+
                                words
                                |  
                                    COPYRIGHT 2003 The Gale Group, Inc.           
                                     ( Hide copyright information ) 
 Copyright 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The 1950s Arts and Entertainment: Chronology 1950:     March    The Boston Institute of Contemporary Art and New York's Metropolitan Museum and Whitney Museum release a joint Statement on Modern Art opposing "any attempt to make art or opinion about art conform to a single point of view." 1950:     October 2   Peanuts , the comic strip written and drawn by Charles Schulz, debuts in seven U.S. newspapers. 1951:        The Caine Mutiny , the war novel by Herman Wouk, is published and soon becomes one of the longest-lasting bestsellers of all time, holding its place on the  New York Times  list for forty-eight &hellip;  
 
 Read the rest of this article, courtesy of your local library 
 
 
 
  Related newspaper, magazine, and trade journal articles from Questia  
 
    (Including 
     press releases ,  facts ,
     information , and 
     biographies )
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            Biography Adds to Bergman Buzz Swedish Director's 50-Year Career - from His... 
 
 
                            Newspaper article from: The Christian Science Monitor
                         
                            ...is Robert Emmet Long, an  arts  specialist who has written...both dating from 1953, and  art -theater hits ranging from...made in the middle to late  1950s . Long's  chronology  proceeds through the 1983...a perusable coffee-table  entertainment  and a valuable film-scholarly... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            The Musical They Can Never Sink ; as an Eye-Catching Revival of Show Boat... 
 
 
                            Newspaper article from: The Evening Standard (London, England)
                         
                            ...Consider, first, the  chronology . Giacomo Puccini...overload which left the  art  with nowhere to go...distinctively American  art  form with a contemporary...Cole Porter light  entertainment , went into hibernation...King and I and a  1950s  slump before The...evolution of the  art , the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            The Musical They Can Never Sink; as an Eye-Catching Revival of Show Boat... 
 
 
                            Newspaper article from: The Evening Standard (London, England)
                         
                            ...Consider, first, the  chronology . Giacomo Puccini's...overload which left the  art  with nowhere to go...distinctively American  art  form with a contemporary...than Cole Porter light  entertainment , went into hibernation...The King and I and a  1950s  slump before The Sound... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            Making Fun of the Short-Lived Past 
 
 
                            Newspaper article from: The Christian Science Monitor
                         
                            ...according to its official  chronology , the Institute of Official...your attention to the pure  entertainment  value of the visuals...question, is the Peculiar  Art  of Mr. Frahm - a bemused tour of some  1950s  American ... erotica... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For more  facts  and  information ,  
 see all results 
 
 
 
                Find more facts and information related to the  article
                    The 1950s Arts and Entertainment: Chronology 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Search over 100 encyclopedias and dictionaries:
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 HighBeam&trade; Research, Inc. 
            &copy; Copyright
            2013. All rights reserved. 
 
 Encyclopedia.com home page 
 About us 
 Help 
 Site feedback 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms and conditions 
    
        The Encyclopedia.com advertising network includes: 
         
 
 
 
 
 
  SiteCatalyst code version: H.10.
Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available at
http://www.omniture.com  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    M: ww01
     
 
