
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Segmental Info System 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                        
                                        Monday August 26, 2013
                             
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Michigan Arts and Entertainment 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 EXAMPLE Guide 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 
 
 While Michigan is especially famous for its music, travelers
			will find many other artistic endeavors to enjoy as well 
			 
 Artistic Amusements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Overview 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 Planning  Your Trip 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Getting Info 
 Making Decisions 
 Booking Your Trip 
 When to Go 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Arts and  Entertainment 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Crafts 
 Dance 
 Film 
 Literature 
 Music 
 Theater 
 Visual Arts 
 
 
 
 
 Food 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Site Info 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 Search 
 Sites of Interest 
 Suggest a Site 
 Terms of Use 
 Contact Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Michigan
supports a vibrant arts and entertainment scene, from world-renowned
cultural institutions to home-grown talent.  Detroit boasts the
greatest variety of visual and performing arts, as well as being the
birthplace of Motown. Another Michigan arts mecca is the charming
city of Ann Arbor.  Of course, outside of these cities, you'll still
find theaters, art galleries, independent movie houses, and many more
cultural offerings.   
 
 Arts and
Crafts 
 For art
lovers, Michigan boasts the Detroit Institute of Arts, which is one
of the biggest art museums in the world, as well as the Grand Rapids
Art Museum. Plenty of small galleries can be found in all of the
state's major cities.  Ann Arbor hosts several arts festivals,
including the annual Ann Arbor Street Fair, an eclectic,
family-friendly event with art, music, crafts, and more.  Similar
annual events can be found in East Lansing, Marquette, and elsewhere.
 
 Crafty
visitors to Michigan will find an incredibly abundant world of arts,
crafts, and antiques.  Nearly every small town in the state is home
to at least one shop selling handmade goods and antiques.  Plus,
numerous crafts fairs take place year-round.  Such events are popular
and well-attended statewide.  A few examples are Royal Oak's Clay and
Glass Festival, the Ypsilanti Heritage Festival, and the Upper
Peninsula's Wild Blueberry Festival.  For a funkier, non-traditional
event, the Detroit Urban Craft Fair specializes in a progressive,
urban, hand-crafted aesthetic. 
 
 Performing
Arts 
 For dance
enthusiasts, Michigan offers a variety of both performances and
classes in many genres, including ballet, jazz, tap, hip-hop, swing,
ballroom, and tango. Detroit and Ann Arbor are two major performing
arts centers, as well as good places to go out to dance clubs. 
Meanwhile, smaller towns and cities across the state are home to
several smaller folk dancing companies. 
 
 Theater
thrives in Michigan, too. Detroit alone boasts the Fisher Theatre,
the Masonic Temple Theatre, the Detroit Repertory Theatre, the
African American centered Plowshares Theatre Company, and the improv
comedy group Second City Detroit.  Theater companies can also be
found in Ann Arbor, Chelsea, Grand Rapids, Kalamazoo, and Calumet. 
 
 Of course,
Michigan has made great contributions to American music, and its
modern music scene reflects this.  Even though Motown Records moved
away long ago, Detroit's jazz, rock, R&amp;B, and rap scenes are now
thriving more than ever. Plus, the city hosts the popular Detroit
International Jazz Festival. As for the rest of the state, small,
thriving music communities can be found all over, as well as music
festivals such as the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival and the Pine
Mountain Music Festival. 
 
 Film and
Literature 
 Michigan
fosters an active film community, thanks in part to native
independent filmmakers like Sam Raimi, of
 The Evil Dead  fame. 
And documentary filmmaker Michael Moore first garnered acclaim
with his debut  Roger and Me ,
which dealt with the decimation of his hometown, Flint, after GM
closed its auto factories in the city. 
 In
addition to serving as a shooting location, Michigan hosts several
well-known film festivals. One of the state's major film
events is the Ann Arbor Film Festival, a progressive-oriented
festival specializing in small, independent films from a diverse
array of artists.  Other major film festivals include the Central
Michigan International Film Festival, the East Lansing Film Festival,
the Reel Pride Film Festival, and the Waterfront Film Festival. 
Plus, cities like Detroit, Kalamazoo, Grand Rapids, and Ann Arbor are
home to small art theaters, where travelers can catch independent and
foreign films. 
 
 Literary
buffs, too, will not be disappointed.  Lauded authors Elmore Leonard
and Jeffrey Eugenides have both immortalized the Motor City in their
pages, while Ernest Hemingway spent boyhood summers in northern
Michigan, where he began his writing career.  Visitors can tour
Ernest Hemingway's former home, attend a poetry reading, or browse an
independent book shop. The state also hosts a variety of literary
events, such as the Ann Arbor Book Festival, the Ludington Poetry
Fest, and the Detroit Festival of the Arts. At these events, visitors
can attend readings, workshops, book sales, and more. 
 
 Travelers
who enjoy the arts and entertainment will find plenty to choose from
in the Wolverine State.  From Shakespeare to sculpture, Michigan's
cultural attractions offer a range of ways to inspire, amuse, and
expand your artistic horizons. 
 
 
 Print this Article 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Related Articles 
 
 
 Dance 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dance in Michigan is more than just a way to relax and have a good time.  Learn why here. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When to Go 
 Crafts 
 
 
 
 
 
 &nbsp; 
 
 
 ABOUT SEGISYS 
 TERMS OF USE 
 CONTACT US 
 SUGGEST A SITE 
 
 
  -  dash right to the info you want 
 Copyright &copy; 2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 Print &nbsp;&nbsp;
                     Return to Normal View 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
