
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               
 
                                 Accessibility links     Skip to content   Skip to local navigation   Accessibility Help             bbc.co.uk navigation       News       Sport       Weather       Capital       Culture       Autos       TV       Radio       More&hellip;                   Search term:                           
 
 
 
 
 Entertainment &amp; Arts 
 
 
 
 Home 
 US &amp; Canada 
 Latin America 
 UK 
 Africa 
 Asia 
 Europe 
 Mid-East 
 Business 
 Health 
 Sci/Environment 
 Tech 
 Entertainment 
 Video 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 28 December 2012 
 Last updated at  19:05 ET 
 
 New Year Honours List 2013: Arts and entertainment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Among the arts and entertainment names in the New Year Honours List 2013 is Quentin Blake, who receives a knighthood for services to illustration. The 80-year-old is best known for illustrating books written by Road Dahl. He has illustrated more then 300 books and written 35 himself.  Blake said of his knighthood: &quot;I haven&#039;t quite got used to it yet, but I&#039;m very pleased about it.  I&#039;ve already had an OBE and a CBE so it does prepare you for these things.&quot; 
 
 
 
 Singer and songwriter Kate Bush said it was a &quot;great surprise&quot; to be awarded a CBE for her services to music.  The 54-year-old is one of the most successful British female artists since her debut single Wuthering Heights topped the charts in 1978. She has released 10 albums and won a Brit award for outstanding contribution to British music in 1987.  In 2011, Bush released an album of reworked songs, Director&#039;s Cut, and an album of new tracks, 50 Words For Snow. She was invited to perform at the Olympics Closing ceremony but declined. Instead, she recorded a new remix of her 1985 hit Running Up The Hill which was played at the end. 
 
 
 
 Scottish actor Ewan McGregor has been honoured with an OBE for services to drama and charity. The 41-year-old&#039;s breakthrough role was as heroin addict Renton in Danny Boyle&#039;s film Trainspotting. Since then McGregor has appeared in more than 50 films, including the three Star Wars prequels, as Jedi knight Obi-Wan Kenobi. His recent films include The Impossible, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen and Beginners. Since 2004 McGregor has supported the charity Unicef, visiting projects across the world to raise awareness. 
 
 
 
 Tracey Emin, who becomes a CBE for services to the arts, spent her childhood in the Kent seaside resort of Margate, which has  inspired many of her later artworks. In 2012 an exhibition of her works opened at the new Turner Contemporary on Margate seafront. This summer Emin produced a poster and limited edition print for the the Olympic and Paralympic Games, one of only 12 British artists selected. 
 
 
 
 Actor Adrian Lester (left) said he accepted his OBE for services to drama on behalf of several generations of his family.  Best known on TV for BBC show Hustle, Lester has had a successful stage career making regular appearances at the National Theatre. Choreographer and former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips (right)  becomes a CBE for services to dance and charity. Phillips became a household name as the founder of risque dance troupe Hot Gossip in the 1970s. She has choreographed many West End and Broadway shows including Starlight Express, We Will Rock You and The Wizard of Oz.  
 
 
 
 Fashion designer Stella McCartney has received an OBE. The daughter of Sir Paul McCartney, she launched her first line of designer clothing in 2001.  In November, she was honoured at the British Fashion Awards for designing the official uniforms worn by Team GB&#039;s Olympic and Paralympic athletes.  
 
 
 
 Scottish classical violinist Nicola Benedetti said she was &quot;deeply honoured&quot; to receive an MBE. The 25-year-old added: &quot;This has come as a real surprise to me and I am humbled. I hope this honour can help me continue to draw attention to the importance of classical music and the arts in British society.&quot; Brought up in Ayrshire, she won the BBC Young Musician of the Year in 2004, at the age of 16. She won Best Female at this year&#039;s Classical Brit Awards and performed at the Last Night of The Proms. Her latest album The Silver Violin entered the UK albums chart at 36 - believed to be the highest chart position for a British solo instrumentalist since Nigel Kennedy in 1991. 
 
 
 
 A CBE also goes actor-turned-politician Michael Cashman MEP. The co-founder of gay rights organisation Stonewall is being honoured for public and political service. Cashman&#039;s best known TV role was as Colin Russell (right) in EastEnders (1986-89) - a participant in the first gay kiss in a British soap opera. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this page 
 
 
 Delicious 
 
 
 Digg 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 reddit 
 
 
 StumbleUpon 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 More galleries 
 
 
 
             					
								&#039;Chemical attacks&#039;
								 
 
 
 Hundreds of people killed in Damascus  
 
 
 
             					
								Day in pictures
								 
 
 
 Twenty-four hours of news: 21 August 
 
 
 
             					
								Changing Vietnam
								 
 
 
 Reform brings benefits but challenges 
 
 
 
             					
								Bo Xilai&#039;s downfall
								 
 
 
 Murder case that felled politician 
 
 
 
             					
								Animal weigh-in
								 
 
 
 London Zoo&#039;s annual audit 
 
 
 
             					
								Day in pictures
								 
 
 
 Twenty-four hours of news: 20 August 
 
 
 
             					
								Steam railway
								 
 
 
 David Noble&#039;s work on show in Darlington 
 
 
 
             					
								Idaho wildfires
								 
 
 
 Battling the blazes in the American Rockies 
 
 
 
             					
								Anti-fracking
								 
 
 
 Protesters and an MP are arrested 
 
 
 
             					
								Day in pictures
								 
 
 
 Twenty-four hours of news: 19 August 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Services 
 
 &nbsp; Mobile 
 &nbsp; Connected TV 
 &nbsp; News feeds 
 &nbsp; Alerts 
 &nbsp; E-mail news 
 
 
 
 About BBC News 
 
 Editors' blog 
 BBC College of Journalism 
 News sources 
 Media Action 
 Editorial Guidelines 
 
 
 
 
         BBC links         Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC           Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help           Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC           Parental Guidance               BBC &copy; 2013   The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.   This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  SiteCatalyst code version: H.21.
    Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights Reserved
    More info available at http://www.omniture.com  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
