 Skip to main content  AOL AOL Autos New Cars Translogic AutoblogGreen Autoblog International Autoblog Canada Autoblog Espa&ntilde;ol Autoblog Auf Deutsch Autoblog En Fran&#231;ais Autoblog Japan Tip Us Send Feedback RSS Feeds About AOL Autoblog Automobiles &#94; Choose an Automaker Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus McLaren Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI MISC Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Scion Smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Reviews Full Reviews First Drives Quick Spins Comparisons Long-Term Garage Enthusiast &#94; Enthusiast Topics Aftermarket Auctions By the Numbers Car Buying Celebrities Classics Concept Cars Design/Style Earnings/Financials Etc. Government/Legal Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Humor Infotainment Marketing/Advertising Motorsports Rumormill Safety Spy Photos Technology The List Toys/Games UAW/Unions See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0555: Drive a Monster Truck Latest Spy Photos Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA Auto Shows &#94; National Show Coverage CES (Jan 7-10, 2014) Chicago (TBD, 2014) Detroit (Jan 13-14, 2014) Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) SEMA (Nov 5-8, 2013) International Show Coverage Beijing (TBD, 2014) Frankfurt (Sep 10-11, 2013) Geneva (Mar 5-6, 2013) MISC Paris (TBD, 2014) Shanghai (Apr 20, 2013) Tokyo (Nov 20-21, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: Volkswagen shows off e-Golf and e-Up! before Frankfurt Infiniti releases first image of premium compact Q30 Concept Peugeot reveals Le Mans-derived 208 Hybrid FE prototype Green &#94; Green News Biodiesel Diesel Emerging Technologies Etc. Ethanol EV/Plug-in Green Culture Hybrid Hydrogen Legislation and Policy Natural Gas On Two Wheels Racing Transportation Alternatives Visit AutoblogGreen Main Page Vehicles Chevrolet Volt Coda Electric Sedan Fisker Karma Ford Focus Electric Mitsubishi i Nissan Leaf Tesla Model S Tesla Roadster Toyota Prius  We obsessively cover the auto industry&hellip; 30 New Articles in the last 24 hours Hide First Drive 2014 Toyota Corolla First Drive 2014 Toyota Corolla Official Infiniti releases first image of premium compact Q30 Concept Official 2014 Toyota Corolla priced from $16,800* MSPORTS Race Recap: Belgian Grand Prix is new skirmishes, same war [spoilers]  Blog View Quick Scan View Videos Photos Podcasts Tip Us Report Toyota RAV4 EV lease gets cut in half to $299/month By Jeffrey N. Ross RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 6:00PM Email This Add If you're in the market for a new electric vehicle, now is definitely the time to buy or lease. Following price drops on just about every other EV on the market, Toyota is looking to push a few more all-electric RAV4 crossovers out the door over the Labor Day weekend. The Detroit News is reporting that, through September 3, anyone looking to get into a RAV4 EV in Los Angeles or San Francisco, can get a deal: a $299 a month lease (no word on down payment, though) or zero-percent financing for 60 months for buyers. The $49,800 RAV4 EV normally leases for twice as much - $599 a month &ndash; so this move could be an attempt to sell more of the 2,600 units Toyota has planned to produce . Or maybe, if you thought $599 was a fair price, you can now get two RAV4 Evs. Although temporary, the price drop comes at a time when many other EVs on the market have had their prices reduced, including the Nissan Leaf , Chevy Volt , Smart Fortwo ED and Honda Fit EV , not to mention already low prices for the Fiat 500e and Chevy Spark EV . *Note: 2012 RAV4 EV pictured here Related Gallery 2012 Toyota RAV4 EV: First Drive News Source: The Detroit News Image Credit: Copyright 2013 Michael Harley / AOL Official Mazda reports strong Skyactiv sales, plans to boost output 25% By Brandon Turkus RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 5:32PM Email This Add Mazda is set to expand production of its Skyactiv engines after critical and commercial acclaim for the fuel-sipping powerplants. The Japanese manufacturer has a number of plans in the works to bump up production, with the first being a 25-percent increase in output from its Hiroshima, Japan engine facility. Besides adding a new line, Mazda will modify the line that built MZR engines, a family of mills that includes the 2.3-liter, turbocharged four-cylinder found in the Mazdaspeed3 and the 2.0-liter found in the MX-5 Miata . The bump in production is just part of Mazda's goal of selling 1.7 million vehicles globally by 2016, with 80 percent of those vehicles expected to wear a Skyactiv badge. Mazda also builds Skyactiv engines at a joint-venture facility with Ford , in Changan, China, while a Mexican facility will go online by March of 2014. Skyactiv engines currently power the Mazda3 , Mazda6 and CX-5 . Continue Reading News Source: Mazda Video Watch and hear Renault's awesome Twin'Run driven in anger By Jonathon Ramsey RSS feed Posted Aug 27th 2013 4:58PM Email This Add We're a little tardy in getting to this, but the engine notes will make up for the delay. When Renault revealed the Twin'Run concept at the Monaco Formula One Grand Prix earlier this Summer, it didn't reveal much of the engine note. This was an appalling shame, since the not-road-legal Renault 5 revival had a mid-mounted, race-tuned Nissan V6 that could soar to a practically unsilenced 7,000 rpm. A few members of the auto journo cabal have corrected that, Top Gear being one of them by including the Twin'Run in its Speed Week festivities. Calling it "deafening, smelly, brilliant," the verdict of Sam Phillip was that it "makes every car on Top Gear's Speed Week... feel as woolly and distant as a tumble-dried sheep." Them's pointed words when "every other car" includes metal like the Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG Black Series. You'll can check out Top Gear 's run around the Charade Circuit in France below. We've also included a longer clip of the Twin'Run doing some dynamic testing (worth it for the 360-degree-stunt alone), and an in-depth piece from Autoweek Holland. Continue Reading Related Gallery Renault Twin'Run concept News Source: Top Gear , SupercarHall, Autoweek via YouTube [1] , [2] Video Motor Recall app makes game out of identifying vehicle lights at night By Brandon Turkus RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 4:29PM Email This Add What will they think of next? This is an app called Motor Recall , and if you're at all like us, it's pretty much the equivalent of any nighttime car ride as a kid - see a pair of headlights or taillights, pick out the make, model and if you're lucky/good, the year. Now, the clever folks at Case By Case Studios have turned that time-honored way of surviving a long drive into an app. Loaded with over 250 different headlight and taillight patterns, players have the choice of either matching the headlights with taillights in a game called Match, or out and out guessing which vehicle is being shown, not surprisingly, called Guess. Players can score points and unlock even rarer vehicles the longer they play. Case By Case is claiming that it will continue to update with new vehicles to keep you guessing, which makes us quite excited for this new game. Could be a great time waster. Take a look at the demo trailer below . Motor Recall is only available in the Apple App Store , but we'd expect it to arrive on other platforms in the future. Continue Reading Related Gallery Motor Recall game News Source: Motor Recall Study Car customer satisfaction down for first time in two years By Damon Lowney RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 4:01PM Email This Add Car customer satisfaction fell for the first time in two years, according to the 2013 American Customer Satisfaction Index automobiles and light vehicles report. Over the course of 4,078 random phone and e-mail interviews between April 6 and May 22, the index, based on a scale of 0 to 100, revealed that customer satisfaction with automobiles fell from 84 in 2012 to 83. Domestic autos bring up the rear. Domestic vehicles, which received an average score of 82, also lost traction in perceived quality, with European automakers ranking 84.7 and Asian brands close behind at 84.1. This is reflected in the scores of the 20 individual automakers counted in the study. Mercedes-Benz is at the top of the index with a score of 88, up four percent from last year. Lexus relinquished its lead with a score of 87, down two percent from 2012. Third place is a three way tie between Subaru , Toyota and Honda , which all scored 86. Here are the rest of the scores in order: GMC (85), Cadillac (85), Volkswagen (84), Acura (83), Ford (83), Nissan (83), Chrysler (83), Buick (82), BMW (82), Hyundai (82), Kia (82), Mazda (82), All Others (81), Jeep (80), Dodge (79) and Chevrolet (79). It's worth noting that both GMC and Chrysler gained five points from last year. While it's not a good sign that customer satisfaction went down, the authors of the report explained that it could be due to "greater customer expectations that the automakers are then challenged to meet." But the ACSI says automakers should take the erosion in customer satisfaction as a warning signal: once pent-up demand has subsided, successful brands will keep the customers they have and poach new ones from elsewhere, and customer satisfaction plays a direct role in this relationship. News Source: American Customer Satisfaction Index via Automotive News - sub. req. Image Credit: Photo by Joe Raedle / Getty Images Study The safest driving cities in America listed for 2013 By Jeffrey N. Ross RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 3:33PM Email This Add We all like to claim we know where the worst drivers in the US hog the road, but for the last nine years, Allstate has released a study telling us exactly where we can go to find the best and worst drivers in the country. After compiling crash data in America's largest cities (with more than 50,000 residents), this finding shows that for the third time in four years, Fort Collins, CO tops the list for safest roadways. Fort Collins drivers go almost 14 years between car accidents &ndash; an accident rate that is far better than the national average of about 10 years. Making huge strides in traffic safety, according to the study, Brownsville, TX and Montgomery, AL each soared 21 spots and are now among the top 10 cities on the list. Phoenix is 71 out of the 194 cities listed, but it has the highest safety for cities with the population of more than one million people with crashes 2 percent more likely than average and about 10 years between crashes for drivers. At the bottom of the list, drivers in Washington, D.C. are more than twice as likely to get into a crash, with that population experiencing a wreck about every five years. Big cities like Baltimore, MD, Philadelphia, PA and Miami, FL were also some of the least-safe cities in which to drive. Scroll down for Allstate's press release or check out the full report in pdf form . *Note: cities in Massachusetts were excluded due to a lack of data.You lucked out, Bostonians. Continue Reading News Source: Allstate Official Nissan promising autonomous car production by 2020 By Brandon Turkus RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 3:01PM Email This Add Nissan will bring the autonomous car to consumers by the end of this decade. The announcement was made by CEO Carlos Ghosn at the company's US headquarters in Irvine, CA. Nissan has already begun construction of a dedicated proving ground for the self-driving cars in Japan, with completion targeted for the end of 2014. Teaming with MIT, Stanford, Oxford and others, Nissan has already outfitted Leaf EVs with the Autonomous Drive (Nissan's brand name for the tech), a suite of new technologies developed from the brand's existing Safety Shield technology. The current iteration of Autonomous Drive uses the Around-View Monitoring system and laser scanners to analyze the environment, while artificial intelligence systems have been installed to help navigate and operate in a changing environment. While it's easy to say that Nissan will bring the technology to market within the next six or seven years, it's more difficult to say at what price Autonomous Drive will be available. Most remarkable about all of this is Nissan's claim that self-driving cars will be both commercially viable and available at "realistic prices for consumers." It's expecting Autonomous Drive to be available across its range within two vehicle generations. Nissan's motivation rests largely with the number of accidents that happen on US roads alone each year - six million accidents that cost consumers $160 million and kill more people between the ages of four and 34 than anything else. Considering the overwhelming majority of those accidents are caused by human error, this tech seems like a great idea. Carlos Ghosn demonstrated Nissan's resolve towards bringing the tech to market, saying, "In 2007 I pledged that &ndash; by 2010 &ndash; Nissan would mass market a zero-emission vehicle. Today, the Nissan Leaf is the best-selling electric vehicle in history. Now I am committing to be ready to introduce a new ground-breaking technology, Autonomous Drive, by 2020, and we are on track to realize it." Those are some bold words, but what Nissan is promising now is far more complex than a new drivetrain. We look forward to seeing what it comes up with. Continue Reading Related Gallery Nissan Leaf Autonomous Drive News Source: Nissan Followup NHTSA upgrades Corvette headlight investigation By Brandon Turkus RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 2:34PM Email This Add It's looking more and more likely that we'll be seeing a recall of certain sixth-generation Corvettes, as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has upgraded its initial investigation to an engineering analysis, the final stage before the Feds can request a full-on recall. The problems, which we first reported on back in May , had to do with headlights that would randomly cut out for some 2005 to 2007 Chevrolet Corvette models. NHTSA has received 95 complaints from owners of random headlight failures, while The Detroit News states that there have also been four reports from owners of 2008 Vettes. The issue, which affects 103,374 cars, is believed to be caused by a fuse block in the engine bay. Located in a high-heat area, it can short out when exposed to increased temperatures, leading to the headlight failure. It's not entirely clear if the issues extend to the Corvette's Z06 and ZR1 variants. General Motors is cooperating with NHTSA throughout the investigation, a spokesperson told The News. News Source: The Detroit News Image Credit: Chevrolet  Report Quartet of classic Chevys stolen during Monterey week By Jeffrey N. Ross RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 2:00PM Email This Add The weeklong festivities that take place in Monterey, CA for the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance draw in some of the finest cars from around the world. Unfortunately, these events also seem to be drawing in some opportunistic lowlifes looking to score to some high-dollar hardware the easy way. In this case, four classic Chevy cars were stolen over the weekend of August 17th. According to Hemmings , an extremely rare '61 Impala SS 409 , a '61 Impala resto-mod and a one-owner, unrestored '57 Bel Air all went missing after failing to sell at various auctions. The article states that the Impala SS 409 &ndash; worth an estimated $220,000 &ndash; disappeared from the Russo and Steele auction, while the other two cars vanished from the Mecum auction. In addition to these thefts, Jalopnik is reporting that a customized 1962 Corvette was also stolen around the same time only instead of being stolen from an auction, this classic 'Vette was snatched up as the owner was enjoying dinner. Hemmings points out that the cars were most likely targeted to be stripped for parts, but check out both reports and keep an eye out for these beautiful rides. News Source: Hemmings , Jalopnik Image Credit: Russo and Steele Read This Chrysler 'at war' with world's largest Viper club? By Damon Lowney RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 1:28PM Email This Add The situation was bound to boil over at some point. Grumblings from former and current members of the Viper Club of America, and letters sent from Chrysler to VCA president Lee Stubberfield, allege that the non-profit club is being run illegally as a for-profit business, Jalopnik reports . The trouble reportedly started in 2007, when VCA member and former club national president Chris Marshall is alleged to have taken a paid position at the club courtesy of the acting board members at the time. By 2010, with the demise of the Dodge Viper looming, the VCA reportedly made a deal with Chrysler to to acquire a stash of old parts and tooling for the Viper. The stash would then be sold by the newly formed Viper Parts of America, a company that was supposed to be run by Marshall, Jalopnik reports. This sounds like shady business to us - at the very least a conflict of interest. And it's said that the VCA will not hesitate to suspend &ndash; for a year or more &ndash; the memberships of those who oppose it. Read the article and the accompanying letters from Chrysler to find out how the drama unfolds. But it isn't over yet; we'll be staying tuned to this one. Related Gallery 2010 Dodge Viper SRT10 News Source: Jalopnik Image Credit: Dodge New Jersey rejects 'ATHEIST' vanity plate for being offensive By John Neff RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 12:58PM Email This Add Every state has different rules governing what can and can't be displayed on vanity license plates. Not only do they vary, but many are vague about what combinations of letters and/or numbers are acceptable, which forces the state to determine acceptability on a case-by-case basis. Remember the 'ILVTOFU' controversy of 2011 ? Or what about Georgia's rejection of gay-themed license plates ? New Jersey resident David Silverman has published a tale on Twitter regarding his application to the state's Motor Vehicle Commission for a personalized license plate that reads "ATHEIST." Silverman says in his tweet that the reason given for the state's rejection of his godless vanity plate was that it's offensive. We don't have much insight into how New Jersey decides which vanity plates are acceptable, but we did find this report published earlier this year on NJ.com that reveals a list of 1,085 words banned by the MVC for use on vanity plates . ATHEIST is not on the list (nor is THEIST, for that matter), but MVC spokesman Mike Horan told the reporter that applications are reviewed on a case-by-case basis, so the list has probably grown since then. New Jersey's got another problem: David Silverman isn't just any atheist, he's the President of American Atheists , a group that's been around since the '60s with a track record of taking cities and states to court to uphold the rights of non-believers. It doesn't sound like Silverman was looking for a fight, but the Garden State just gave him one. He's already filed his first appeal. News Source: Twitter via Reddit Video Dirt track driver escapes fiery wreck, finishes fifth By Brandon Turkus RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 12:33PM Email This Add Dirt Modified racer Mike Stofflet was running in a pre-feature heat at the Mahoning Valley Speedway in Pennsylvania, when things went quite wrong. It's difficult to tell what happened exactly, but we're guessing he made contact with another car, which sent him skittering up the track with his vehicle tipped on its side. While that might be scary in and of itself, the part that had us cringing was the stream of fluid that wound its way down from the top of the screen - gasoline. It didn't take much after flipping Stofflet's car over for the gas to ignite, leaving the 27-year-old strapped into the flaming racer. Miraculously, not only did he get out of the burning car uninjured, but after some pit-lane repairs, he was back out for the feature race, finishing fifth. Check out the scary footage below . Continue Reading News Source: Michael Stofflet via ForTheWin , YouTube Image Credit: Michael Stofflet First Drive 2014 Toyota Corolla By Steven J. Ewing RSS feed Google+ Posted Aug 27th 2013 11:57AM Email This Add Reprising The Recipe For A Perfect Slice Of Toast My toaster broke the other week. Halfway through the process of cooking my gourmet Pop-Tart breakfast, the thing crapped out with a small bang, leaving my delicious morning treats trapped inside. To rectify the situation, I ventured out to a big box store, located the toaster aisle, and ran a couple of questions through my mind. Do I need two slots or four? Do I need to spend more than 20 bucks on this thing? Should I just buy a toaster oven to give me a wider range of bachelor-pad cooking functionality? After no more than two minutes of contemplation, I grabbed the cheapest one on the shelf, paid and left the store. The new toaster works just fine. This sort of unemotional shopping experience is how I suspect people decide to purchase the Toyota Corolla . It's a perfectly fine appliance, and to a good number of people in the world, the bond between a car and a driver is no more important than the connection I feel to my toaster. Does it seat four people relatively comfortably? Does it get decent fuel economy? Is it easy to drive? Reliable? Safe? The Corolla checks all of these boxes, and because of that, Toyota managed to move just under 300,000 examples of the tenth-generation car in 2012 (though that number does include sales of the Corolla-based, now-deceased Matrix ) &ndash; a vehicle that, at the time, was already six years old. From a business perspective, that means the Corolla is a massive winner, and so to no one's surprise, Toyota hasn't rocked the boat too much in the creation of its eleventh-generation 2014 Corolla. It seats four people comfortably. It gets decent fuel economy. It's easy to drive. It's (predictably) reliable. It's safe. And hey, it sort of looks good now. The new Corolla is actually a whole lot nicer than its predecessor. But it still doesn't, shall we say, toast my bagel. Continue Reading Vital Stats Engine: 1.8L I4 Power: 132 HP / 128 LB-FT Transmission: CVT Research This Car &raquo; Related Gallery 2014 Toyota Corolla: First Drive Image Credit: Copyright 2013 Steven J. Ewing / AOL / Toyota Auctions Liberace's gilded Cadillac could be yours By Noah Joseph RSS feed Posted Aug 27th 2013 11:29AM Email This Add With their chrome grilles and oversized wheels, it's hard not to notice a Cadillac these days. But this one is even more blingtastic on account of the 23.75-karat gold-leaf bodywork. The 1931 Cadillac Golfer's Drop Head Coup&eacute; is said to have belonged to the inimitable performer Liberace, who didn't just have it covered in gold &ndash; he also had the exterior door handles plated in silver and the inside handles in 24-karat gold as well. It's also got a white leather interior and headlights that &ndash; well ahead of their time (if you'll pardon us, Mr. Tucker) &ndash; pivot with the steering wheel. All that bling is powered by a 5.7-liter V8 mated to a three-speed automatic transmission that pales in comparison to the seven, eight and even nine-speed gearboxes appearing on luxury sedans today. The project was undertaken over the course of three years in the 1970s by one Jack Smith from Kansas. Smith (if that was his real name) sold it at auction in 1975, and it was most recently displayed for 12 years at a museum in Germany which claimed it was Liberace's own. The car is now going up for sale by Barons' at the Sandown Park horse racing track in Surrey, England, on September 17, when bidding starts at 85,000 pounds &ndash; equivalent to over $130,000 at today's rates. Continue Reading Related Gallery Liberace's gold 1931 Cadillac Golfer's DHC News Source: Barons Next Loading Advertisement  Socialize Podcasts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS Upcoming Newsletter Sign up for Autoblog's upcoming newsletter and get today's news delivered straight to your inbox. Research A New Car Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo All Makes Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo All Models  Popular News Stories Motor Trend holds World's Greatest Drag Race for the third time How to make your car's engine look showroom fresh New Jersey rejects 'ATHEIST' vanity plate for being offensive Diesel Power finds the ultimate modified oil-burner 2014 Toyota Corolla 1988 Mercedes-Benz 560 SEC AMG is period gangsta Like sands through the hourglass, so is the 2014 Lexus GX First production Volvo P1800 stolen US diesel model count to double for 2014? Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA 105-year-old Facebook user gifted new car anonymously Infiniti releases first image of premium compact Q30 Concept 2014 Toyota Corolla priced from $16,800* Volvo shows glimpses of new Concept C Coupe ahead of Frankfurt [w/video] Dutch rally duo die in WRC support event [w/video] Tesla Model S vulnerable to hackers? Toyota Tacoma helps stand up to your girlfriend, mimes, magicians and the Grim Reaper A. Kahn owner turns down $9M offer for his Veyron's 'F1' license plate Auto critic calls out Corvette, Mustang and Cherokee faithful US car loans reach six-year high AOL Autos Best Deal Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. Get Started Featured Photo Galleries Latest Spy Photos Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA  Autoblog Podcast Autoblog Podcast #346 Episode #346 of the Autoblog podcast is here, and this week, Dan Roth and Jeff Ross are joined by Craig Fitzgerald, editor-in-chief of ClunkerNation.com and formerly of Hemmings. Topics include the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance and assorted related events, the Cadillac Elmiraj, and Toyota letting some dealers close their Scion outlets without penalties. We start with what's in the garage and finish up with some of your questions, and for those of you who hung with us live on our UStream channel, thanks for taking the time. You can follow along after the jump with our Q&amp;A. Thanks for listening! Play Subscribe via: iTunes | RSS Latest in Translogic TRANSLOGIC 136: EAA AirVenture Autoline Daily Subscribe iTunes RSS Listen on Phone Find A Used Car All Makes All Models More Automotive News AutoblogGreen Nissan Leaf sales ready to expand beyond early adopter markets in US Tesla Model S goes 388 miles on 'normal' drive in Holland Nissan testing new, heat-resistant batteries for Leaf Engadget Nissan to sell multiple affordable self-driving cars by 2020 Uber takes its car service to Dubai, enters first Middle Eastern locale AT&amp;T opens latest Foundry facility in Atlanta, focusing on the connected car, home automation and emerging devices AOL Autos Father Thanks Rescuers For Saving Family From Floodwaters Tesla Outsells Ten Major Car Companies In California Unusual Reason One Town Closes A Main Road Translogic JetSurf Allows You To Ride The Water Without The Waves In Detail: EAA AirVenture Korean Researchers Develop Armadillo-T Folding Electric Car  Autoblog  AOL Autos New Car Research Rebates and Incentives Used Car Search Compare Vehicles Auto Dealers Owner Reviews My Wheels Car Repair Get up-to-the-minute automotive news along with reviews, podcasts, high-quality photography and commentary about automobiles and the auto industry. Sitemap Autoblog Mobile Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Our Ads Trademarks Help AOL A-Z &copy; 2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved 