   Tuesday, August 27, 2013 NYDailyNews.com / Gossip  Follow @nydailynews Jobs Classifieds Contests Reader Offers Home Delivery Services Apps Search Field site web blogs Powered by Yahoo  Daily News America New York Local News  Politics Sports  Showbiz  More of Showbiz : Gossip TV &amp; Movies Music &amp; Arts Buy Tickets Comics &amp; Games Showbiz Pics Blogs  Opinion  Living  Photos  Video Autos   Gossip ​​  Alec Baldwin gets into street scuffle with NY photographer The habitual hothead grabbed a photographer on the streets of New York in front of several witnesses after noon on Tuesday, photos obtained by the Daily News show.  Is Kourtney Kardashian pregnant again? Is baby number three on board for Kourtney Kardashian? Scott Disick shared a belly-baring shot of his girlfriend via Instagram Monday, sparking rumors the reality star may be pregnant again.  Bradley Cooper cradles younger girlfriend, reads 'Lolita' during park outing Bradley Cooper and his girlfriend Suki Waterhouse were spotted cozying up with a good book at a park in Paris on Sunday. Cooper, 38, and his 21-year-old model love appeared to be inseparable - completely wrapped up in each other while lounging among the locals.  Rihanna, Drake attend the same VMAs after-party After the party it was the same hotel lobby for Rihanna and Drake. The rumored former flames were both spotted coming out the Dream Downtown in New York City after partying upstairs at PH-D during a VMAs after-party Sunday.  Kelly Osbourne to Miley Cyrus: 'Put your f--king tongue in your mouth!' Even Miley Cyrus’ closest friends have something to say about her MTV Video Music Award performance. Kelly Osbourne offered out some advice to the 20-year-old ‘We Can’t Stop” singer after her jaw-dropping display at Sunday's show. Lance Bass: Nothing else planned for *NSYNC after VMAs performance The *NSYNC reunion at the Video Music Awards delighted the hearts of longtime fans yearning to see the famous five take the stage again, but according to one member - the 110-second walk down memory lane may have been all the reunion we'll get.  Taylor Swift, Harry Styles party together post-VMAs Taylor Swift may know Harry Styles is trouble but that didn't stop her from partying with her ex post the VMAs Sunday night. The 23-year-old singer posed for a pic alongside Styles and tourmate Ed Sheeran while hanging out together at SoHo Grand Hotel Club Room in New York City after the show. Paris Jackson 'doing much better' after suicide attempt Paris Jackson is “doing much better” after cutting her wrists and swallowing a large dose of painkillers in a failed suicide bid, grandmother Katherine Jackson told Hello! magazine. The family matriarch, who shares custody of son Michael Jackson’s three kids, said the 15-year-old is “in a good place, getting the help she needs.” Previous Next OMG! Jackson tour promoter slammed in court  Michael Jackson died in 2009 because a "ruthless" group of concert promoters pushed the drug-addicted superstar and ignored his downward spiral, a lawyer for the star’s heirs said Monday. SEE IT: Nick Stahl photographed accepting mysterio...  Troubled "Terminator" star Nick Stahl was the subject of more police drama Monday. The 33-year-old with a history of substance abuse was briefly detained and frisked by a Los Angeles County sheriff's... Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber  Anne Frank’s stepsister is offering a history lesson to critics of Justin Bieber. Days after Bieber sparked an international outcry by pontificating his hope that the world’s most famous Holocaust vic... Sex tape featuring former 'Buckwild' stars making...  Fans of the recently canceled series, “Buckwild,” may still be able to see stars Shae Bradley and Jesse J in action. With the emphasis being on in ACTION. Lohan skips LA deposition for NYC sushi dinner  Lindsay Lohan angled for more legal trouble Monday when she dined at a Manhattan sushi joint instead of showing up for a scheduled deposition in California. Chris Bosh's wife reacts to Lil Wayne's claim...so...  Lil Wayne may have had 10,000 reasons to rant about having slept with the wife of Miami Heat power forward Chris Bosh. In a bombshell diatribe, Wayne claimed the past dalliance got him banned from lea... Confidential Diddy brawls at MTV VMAs after-party  Beyoncé put on quite a show at the VMA after-party Sunday night at the Dream Downtown — screaming her head off when Diddy started a fight that broke out right next to her. What's behind One Direction's weirdness?  For the past year, the world’s biggest boy band, One Direction, has been baffling people around the world by dropping bizarre sounds into their appearances and interviews. Now Confidenti@l can exclusi... Dice man cometh, as film star  The Andrew Dice Clay fans don’t know is a sweet, humble guy, one who’s in complete shock over his career resurgence.  A night of 'Drinking' gone Wilde Nightclub security gets frisky ... for phone thiev... Copter gal Wintour suffers a heli of a night  Love, Etc. The Police's first guitarist accused of posting na...  A guitarist who first found fame with The Police is accused of posting sexually explicit pictures of his former lover online after they broke up. Henry Padovani, who performed on the group's first 19... Beverly Mitchell welcomes a baby girl  It's a girl! Beverly Mitchell and husband Michael Cameron welcomed daughter Kenzie Lynne on Thursday, March 28, her rep confirmed with Us Weekly. Tori Spelling shares video of son Finn’s arrival  When a mother holds her baby for the first time it’s one of the most precious moments and she wants to share it with the world. Tori Spelling, 39, did just that by posting the video of her newborn son... Hugh Hefner: I've slept with 'over a thousand' wom...  Ultimate ladies man Hugh Hefner is content with his marriage. Who wouldn’t be after bedding an estimated 1,000 women before settling down with Mrs. Right? Spears gets cozy with new beau in Vegas  Oops! She did it again. Following her split from fiancé Jason Trawick in January, Britney Spears posted a snapshot with her new man, David Lucado on Twitter Sunday. Looking happy together, the couple... Adele planning secret wedding: report  Adele is back to her secret ways. The 24-year-old British singer is said to be planning a private wedding with boyfriend, Simon Konecki, a source confirmed to Us Weekly. Style File Lizzie Jagger teams up with Wrangler moisturizing...  Daughter of Rolling Stones' rocker Mick Jagger is behind the the anti-cellulite denim, which comes packed with caffeine, algae and retinol -- ingredients that claim to reduce the appearance of 'orange... Mila Kunis cellulite cream ad banned  The "Friends with Benefits" star appears in a black bra and panty set in an email ad campaign for a body cream from UK company Rodial, featuring the tagline: "Get a body to die for with 50% off body s... She's 44? Stephanie Seymour wows for Jason Wu  The Taiwanese-Canadian wunderkind could have chosen any number of hot young things to show off his sheer, sexy new looks. Instead, he went for the kind of sex appeal that comes naturally with age.  Georgia May Jagger pouts for H&M; Celebrity wedding dress designer in apparent suici... Singer Beck is the latest face of Saint Laurent  Gossip Video  Gossip Photos  Stars who attack paparazzi View Gallery  Hollywood PDA: Stars go public with their affection View Gallery  Miley Cyrus' most attention-seeking moments View Gallery  Celebrity teeth makeovers View Gallery  Celebrity photos of the week: Week of August 19 View Gallery  Celebrity beach bodies 2013 View Gallery  Stars who strip for a cause View Gallery  Celebs come out View Gallery  Hollywood yearbook View Gallery  Celebrity mug shots View Gallery  When bad tattoos happen to Hollywood stars View Gallery  Celebrity wardrobe malfunctions View Gallery  Comics &amp; Games ​​  Sudoku Mega: Play Now! &raquo;  Garfield: Read Now! &raquo;  Peanuts: Read Now! &raquo;  Daily Jumble: Play Now! &raquo; NY Daily News Local Business Directory Locate Quickly find the goods and services you need div id="nydn-mod-635-locate_bar_quickly"> Quickly find the goods and services you need </div  Air Conditioner Servicing Auto Repair Garages Beauty Salons Carpet Cleaning Dentists Electricians Exterminators General Contractors Heating Contractors Home Improvement Services Insurance Coverage Landscapers Lawyers New Car Dealers Physicians Pizza Shops Plumbers Real Estate Dealers Restaurants Roofers Storage Space Discover More Local Businesses &raquo; Ads by Yahoo!  Hottest Galleries  Fashion faceoff: Who wore it better?  It's a star's worst nightmare: Someone else is wearing the exact same dress ... and they look better in it! Though there are many designers and dresses in Hollywood to go around, sometimes stars get caught going for the same look. While their stylist may be getting the boot for such a serious flub, for the rest of us, it's a great opportunity to sit back, relax and decide who wore it better. Stars who wear sheer clothing  There's taking a fashion risk, and then there's walking outside in outfits that are completely see-through. With the paparazzi ready to snap their every move, you would think that celebrities would be smart enough to cover up before walking out in sheer clothing for fear of ... overexposure. Or is that the point? See who's playing a fashionable game of peek-a-boo and who is making a huge fashion mistake. Celebrity teeth makeovers  They may look good now, but at one point, these celebrities weren't picture perfect when it came to their pearly whites. Best & worst dressed at the VMAs 2013  Hollywood's hottest stormed Brooklyn, N.Y. for the 2013 MTV VMAs. Check out what the stars wore (for better or worse) to the show ... Virgo celebrities Find out what the stars have in store for them this month. Hollywood baby boom  Hollywood is experiencing a major baby boom! From supermodels to A-list actors, check out all the famous faces who have recently become parents ... Celebrity baby bumps  Baby bumps never go out of style among the celebrity set. See which stars are expecting and who's showing off the bump. Best and worst VMA looks through the years  Since Madonna writhed on the floor in a wedding dress for the first Video Music Awards in 1984, the guests have been expressing themselves in some truly outrageous get-ups. Check out the show's greatest hits and most infamous misses over the last three decades ... Abs-olutely hot! Stomachs of the stars  These celebrities aren't just pretty faces... they've got miraculous midsections as well!  Pantsless celebs  The newest trend in Hollywood has starlets looking like they're missing something - their pants. Hollywood moms before and after baby  Don't hate on them because they're famous. And rich. Hate on them because they look so darn good so soon after having kids. Celebrities over 40  These stars make 40 (and even 50!) look like the new 20. Check out who's been drinking from Hollywood's fountain of youth. Adorable photos of children tasting their first lemons  Pucker up, kids! An amazing new photo series aims to document the various emotions kids feel as they try a lemon for the very first time. Check out the hilarious and adorable range of emotions felt by these kids ... Celebrity wardrobe malfunctions  Ahh, wardrobe malfunctions ... Thanks to shoddy manufacturing, clumsiness and the advent of spaghetti straps, nearly all of Hollywood has experienced the dreaded moment of overexposure. Oprah Winfrey's evolving shape and style  Through the years Oprah has struggled with her weight - and style - in the public eye. From shoulder pads and bad hair to skinny jeans and corsets, take a look at the talk show hosts' evolving look ... Meet the best dressed dog on Instagram  With his impeccable wardrobe and model good looks, we think it's safe to say this is just about the chicest Chihuahua to ever hit the Internet. Awkward Mother's Day photos Celebrate your mom this Mother's Day by checking out some of the most hilariously awkward Mother's Day photos. Cutest kids in Hollywood  In Hollywood, it seems celebrities' kids are in diapers one minute and donning miniskirts and mohawks the next. They may be pint-sized, but these celebrity offspring often steal the spotlight from their famous parents. Check out some of the cutest celebrity kids, from Perez Hilton's newborn son to supermodel Miranda Kerr's adorable son Flynn. Incredible celebrity engagement rings  Can you stand the glare? Stars show us their blinding bling. Bass Dogs: When bass guitars get swapped for dogs  The world can now imagine big time bassists tickling dogs rather than their instruments. Check out the best of the Bass Dogs meme ... Hot or not? Stars who've gotten pixie hair cuts  Sometimes it's just time for a (drastic) change. Take a look at the celebs who've chopped their long tresses in favor of a super-short 'do.  Animals, they're just like people  We've captured animals doing all sorts of things that people do from driving to scuba diving ... Animals celebrating Shark Week  While you sit on your couch and watch sharks devour everything in their path during Shark Week, check out these adorable animals who've dressed up for the occasion. Skin-tight celebrity clothing  Remember when dresses were made out of, oh, we don't know, actual fabric? These days stars try to squeeze themselves into latex, rubber and spandex outfits so tight, they look like they were painted on.  Budapest then and now In a homage to his hometown of Budapest, Hungarian photographer Kerenyi Zoltan shows off striking juxtaposition photography in a series filled with then and now images of the city ... Stars who rock retro swimwear  Love it or hate it, retro swimwear is making a comeback on the beach. Check out which bikini babes are handing in their itty bitty two-pieces for a more vintage look ...  Ageless celebs: The secret to staying forever young  Who's been drinking from the fountain of youth? We reveal the secrets of Hollywood stars for whom time appears to have stopped, and point out a few others who could use a little help on the anti-aging front. Celebrities wearing short shorts  The stars love their short shorts! See who isn't afraid to show a little leg ...  William and Kate: A Love Story  On April 29, 2011, Prince William and Kate Middleton, his commoner bride, were married in a fairy tale wedding watched by 2 billion and celebrated around the globe. Relive their love story. Amazing Animal Kingdom oddities  Are these the strangest animals you've ever seen? Kate Middleton's royal maternity style  As the world celebrates the arrival of a new royal baby, George Alexander Louis, take a look back at some of Kate Middleton's most memorable maternity style moments ... Leo celebrities from Mila Kunis to Ben Affleck  Find out what the stars have in store for them this month. Same-sex star couples  Hollywood is teeming with famous same-sex couples - some more open than others. From public declarations of love to dates out of the limelight, check out the stars who have found romance with that special someone. Bodypainted models become one with nature  Becoming one with nature takes on new meaning in these incredible bodypainting snaps. Artist Johannes Stoetter uses the human body as his canvas and then disguises his art in nature. Check out some of the best human camouflage out there ...  Most Popular Most Read Most Shared 1 Kelly Osbourne to Miley Cyrus: 'Put your f--king tongue in your mouth!' 2 Billy Ray Cyrus tweets message after Miley’s racy VMAs performance 3 Diddy brawls at MTV VMAs after-party 4 Taylor Swift, Harry Styles party together post-VMAs 5 Lamar Odom not missing, dealing with drug issue with friends in L.A. hotel room 6 Alec Baldwin gets into street scuffle with NY photographer 7 Fat Joe begins prison sentence for tax evasion 8 Kate Gosselin accuses ex Jon Gosselin of hacking in lawsuit 9 Ryan Anderson tweets emotional message to Gia Allemand 10 Jenny McCarthy, Donnie Wahlberg step out in public for first time  1 Kelly Osbourne to Miley Cyrus: 'Put your f--king tongue in your mouth!' 2 Billy Ray Cyrus tweets message after Miley’s racy VMAs performance 3 Taylor Swift, Harry Styles party together post-VMAs 4 Lamar Odom not missing, dealing with drug issue with friends in L.A. hotel room 5 Diddy brawls at MTV VMAs after-party 6 Paris Jackson 'doing much better' after suicide attempt 7 Alec Baldwin gets into street scuffle with NY photographer 8 Fat Joe begins prison sentence for tax evasion 9 Kate Gosselin accuses ex Jon Gosselin of hacking in lawsuit 10 Jenny McCarthy, Donnie Wahlberg step out in public for first time    Media Kit Autos Home Delivery Newsletters Businesses Place an Ad About our Ads Contact Us FAQ's Feeds Site Map  Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .  &#169; Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.  