    Berglund Automotive Group 1824 Williamson Road Roanoke , VA 24027 Sales : 888-710-2023  Home Home Page Farrell Classic Cars Berglund Chevrolet Buick Berglund Ford Berglund Mazda Berglund Chrysler Jeep Dodge Berglund Credit Line Berglund Luxury Auto Berglund BMW Berglund Volvo Berglund Luxury Auto (Mercedes) Berglund SUV and Imports Used Cars Berglund Toyota Berglund Scion Berglund of Bedford Ford GMC Buick Berglund of Bedford Ford Berglund Power Sports Berglund Outdoors Berglund Chevy Commercial Vehicles Berglund Ford Commercial Berglund Performance Parts Kia of Lynchburg New Inventory New Inventory New Specials Farrell Classic Cars CarFinder Quick Quote Vehicle Showroom Value Your Trade Used Inventory Used Inventory Used Specials Vehicles Under $10K Value Your Trade QCertified Used Cars Specials New Specials Used Specials Service Specials Parts Specials Video Specials Weekly Newspaper Ads CarFinder Finance Finance Centers Payment Estimator Credit Score Estimate Service & Parts Service Appointment Service Specials Parts Centers Parts Specials Berglund Performance Parts Berglund Body Works, Roanoke Berglund Collision Center, Lynchburg About Us Farrell Classic Cars Dealer Locations Contact Us Employment  Q Certified Used Cars  Berglund Offers Q Certified Used Cars! The Berglund Automotive Group is proud to offer Q Certified used vehicles to our customers. This program offers comprehensive inspection and reconditioning, limited warranty options, and complete vehicle history evaluation to give you the peace of mind that comes with knowing your vehicle is road-tested and ready to roll. WHAT MAKES A Q CERTIFIED VEHICLE UNIQUE? Reconditioning Process Q Certified vehicles must meet or exceed exacting inspection/reconditioning standards in order to be called a Q Certified vehicle. Q Certified vehicles receive a comprehensive vehicle inspection that scrutinizes all major vehicle systems including engine, transmission, drivetrain, brakes, steering, suspension, heating and cooling systems, tires and exhaust system. Q Certified vehicle owners will receive a completed Pre-owned vehicle Inspection Report. Q Certified dealerships have Used Vehicle Technicians, who have completed Q Certified training on exacting standards, perform a comprehensive inspection/reconditioning process. Quality Control Evaluation Q Certified dealerships are randomly evaluated by an independent third party to ensure compliance with the strict Q Certified standards. Peace of Mind Q Certified vehicles go through a comprehensive vehicle history evaluation to assure that your Q Certified vehicle does not contain a Department of Motor Vehicle (DMV) report of incidents such as salvage, fire, flood damage, odometer problems or lemon history. Q Certified vehicles receive a "clean" vehicle title report. Limited Warranty Q Certified vehicle owners will receive a Q Certified Limited Warranty which provides complete coverage details including: what's covered, what's not covered, coverage period, maintenance requirements and instructions should a breakdown occur. Value Added Benefits Q Certified vehicle owners will receive a membership to Road America's AutoAssist Program. Benefits include roadside assistance, emergency travel expense reimbursement and tire hazard protection. Extendible Protection Q Certified vehicles qualify for an optional vehicle service contract. For even greater peace of mind, you might want to consider purchasing this optional coverage. It picks up where the limited warranty leaves off, with such valuable benefits as: Higher level of coverage and/or extended coverage Emergency Roadside Assistance for the term of the vehicle service contract Rental Reimbursement for the term of the vehicle service contract Q CERTIFIED LIMITED WARRANTY Nationwide Protection Coverage is effective anywhere in the continental United States of America, Alaska, Hawaii and Canada. Deductible A deductible per visit will apply. Rental Reimbursement If your vehicle is kept in a repair facility overnight for covered repairs, rental coverage is provided. Customer Responsibilities Maintenance Requirements : Your vehicle must be serviced receiving all scheduled maintenance as recommended by the manufacturer's Owner's Manual. Maintenance Record Retention : You must retain copies of all completed repair orders showing the maintenance services performed during the coverage period. Repair Requirements : You must return to your Q Certified Authorized Dealership or their affiliate for covered repairs. If traveling away from home, contact the Q Certified Administrator for directions to the nearest Q Certified authorized repair facility. NOTE: Failure to follow maintenance requirements and maintenance record retention section of the Q Certified limited Warranty may void coverage. For More Information Ask the dealership's sales associate to review the Q Certified Limited Warranty. ROAD AMERICA AUTO ASSIST PROGRAM 24/7 Round-The-Clock Assistance Roadside Assistance Benefits Pays you up to $50 per occurrence for covered roadside assistance. Towing Service : When necessary, the member's disabled vehicle will be towed to the closest QCertified authorized repair facility. Fat Tire Assistance : Service consists of the removal of the flat tire and its replacement with the member's spare tire. Battery Service : If a battery failure occurs, a jump-start will be applied to start the member's vehicle. Lock-Out Assistance : If a member's keys are locked inside of their vehicle, assistance will be provided in gaining entry into the member's vehicle. Gas, Oil, Fluid &amp; Water Delivery Service : An emergency supply of gasoline, oil, fluid and water will be delivered to any member in immediate need. Emergency Travel Expense Reimbursement Benefit If a member's vehicle is disabled due to a covered mechanical failure more than 100 miles from home, the member will be reimbursed up to $1,000 for emergency commercial lodging, meals and transportation expenses. (Not available in California and New York) Tire Hazard Protection Benefit We will pay the cost to repair up to $50 or, if non-repairable, the cost to replace a damaged tire (up to $250 per tire) if the damage is caused by a road hazard (debris on the road surface or surface condition such as potholes, cracks and breaks). During the one-year coverage period, should the tire wear reach 3/32", the Tire Hazard Protection will be void. (Not available in California, Florida, Maryland, New York, Tennessee and Washington) LIMITATIONS OF COVERAGE The information contained herein is intended to provide only an overview of the Q Certified program. For exact coverage, exclusions and limitations of the Q Certified Limited Warranty, please review the Q Certified Limited Warranty form.  Make an Inquiry First Name * Last Name * Contact Me by * Email Phone Email Home Phone Comments Submit   Home Vehicle Showroom New Vehicles Pre-Owned Vehicles Featured Vehicles  CarFinder Finance Centers Service Centers Parts Centers  Specials Quick Quote Value Your Trade Credit Score Estimator  Privacy Sitemap Directions Contact Us  Website by Dealer.com Espa&ntilde;ol    omniture implementation   [if IE]><script type="text/javascript" src="http://static.dealer.com/v9/media/js/html5shiv/v3/html5shiv.ie.min.js?1328829245000"></script><![endif] 